torch.Size([32, 2049])
ction notes:
 Stefan Grossman – producer
 John Renbourn – producer
 Nic Kinsey – engineer
 Joe Tarantino – remastering
 Deb Sibony – design
 Jamie Putnam – art direction
 Duck Baker – liner notes

References 

Davey Graham albums
1978 compilation albums
Kicking Mule Records albums<EOD> Diadème was an 86-gun Bucentaure-class 80-gun ship of the line of the French Navy, designed by Jacques-Noël Sané.

Commissioned in Lorient in January 1812, Diadème was disarmed at the Bourbon Restoration. She had major refits in 1822 and 1833, and was reactivated in 1826 to join the squadron of the Mediterranean.

From 1856, she was used as a barracks hulk.

References
 Roche, Jean-Michel, Dictionnaire des Bâtiments de la flotte de guerre française de Colbert à nos jours, tome I

Ships of the line of the French Navy
Ships built in France
Bucentaure-class ships of the line
1811 ships<EOD> Heddal Open Air Museum (Heddal bygdetun) is an open-air museum located in the village of Heddal at Notodden in Vestfold og Telemark county, Norway.

Heddal Open Air Museum is located near the historic Heddal Stave Church. Heddal Museum has various buildings representative of the history of local farming dating from the Middle Ages and up to the 1930s. Fyrileivstugu, a living room interior dating from 1932, was transferred to Heddal Museum in 1990. It was the work of noted wood carver and rosemaling artist, Olav Fyrileiv (1875–1975) who was a Telemark native.

In 2010, the Norwegian Industrial Workers Museum, which is located nearby at Rjukan in Tinn, took over operational management of Heddal Open Air Museum. Heddal and Notodden Museum Society (Heddal og Notodden museumslag) retained ownership of the buildings and collections.

The museum can be visited from 15 June through 15 August every summer. Heddal is a living museum, with animals raised on the premises.

References

External links 

 Official site (in English)
 Official site (in Norwegian)

Open-air museums in Norway
Museums in Vestfold og Telemark<EOD> James Winston Watts (January 19, 1904 – November 15, 1994) was an American neurosurgeon, born in Lynchburg, Virginia. He was a graduate of the Virginia Military Institute as well as the University of Virginia School of Medicine. Watts is noteworthy for his professional partnership with the neurologist and psychiatrist Walter Freeman. The two became advocates and prolific practitioners of psychosurgery, specifically the lobotomy. Watts and Freeman wrote two books on lobotomies: Psychosurgery, Intelligence, Emotion and Social Behavior Following Prefrontal Lobotomy for Medical Disorders in 1942, and Psychosurgery in the Treatment of Mental Disorders and Intractable Pain in 1950.

He is also known for carrying out the lobotomy of Rosemary Kennedy under the supervision of Freeman. Kennedy's mental capacity diminished to that of a two-year-old child. She could not walk or speak intelligibly and was considered incontinent.

Career 
After completing medical school in 1928, Watts worked as a research fellow at Yale before joining the faculty of the Department of Neurosurgery and Neurological Surgery at The George Washington University Hospital in 1935. He remained in this position until his retirement in 1969.

Watts was recruited into a medical partnership by his colleague Walter Freeman, who needed the collaboration of a trained surgeon in order to practice the leucotomy, a technique pioneered by the Portuguese neurologist António Egas Moniz. In the procedure developed by Moniz, the "white matter" in the frontal lobes was severed using a leucotome, an instrument Moniz designed specifically for the procedure. Freeman and Watts acquired several of the instruments and performed their first operation in 1936. They eventually modified the procedure to sever more of the white matter, and renamed it lobotomy in order to distinguish it from the earlier procedure developed by Moniz. Their technique soon became the standard form of the operation, and was known as the "Freeman-Watts Procedure".

Watts' colleague, however, was less conservative and sought other ways to access the frontal lobes of the brain without the complications associated with conventional brain surgery. Inspired by the work of the Italian psychiatrist Amarro Fiamberti, Freeman developed, without the knowledge or participation of Watts, a procedure for reaching the frontal lobes by inserting a probe under the eyelid and above the tear duct, then hammering it through the thin bone of the eye socket. The instrument was swished around, severing the white matter, and was then repeated on the other side. The whole operation took only minutes under local anesthesia or by using an electroshock machine to render the patient unconscious by passing a large torch.Size([32, 2049])
consume 1 to 20 milligrams of bromine per day. There are typically 5 parts per million of bromine in human blood, 7 parts per million of bromine in human bones, and 7 parts per million of bromine in human tissue. A typical 70-kilogram human contains 260 milligrams of bromine.

Humans typically consume less than 100 micrograms of iodine per day. Iodine deficiency can cause intellectual disability. Organoiodine compounds occur in humans in some of the glands, especially the thyroid gland, as well as the stomach, epidermis, and immune system. Foods containing iodine include cod, oysters, shrimp, herring, lobsters, sunflower seeds, seaweed, and mushrooms. However, iodine is not known to have a biological role in plants. There are typically 0.06 milligrams per liter of iodine in human blood, 300 parts per billion of iodine in human bones, and 50 to 700 parts per billion of iodine in human tissue. There are 10 to 20 milligrams of iodine in a typical 70-kilogram human.

Astatine, although very scarce, has been found in micrograms in the earth. It has no known biological role because of its high radioactivity, extreme rarity, and has a half-life of just about 8 hours for the most stable isotope. 

Tennessine is purely man-madeences

External links
Highdiverecords.com

Indie rock musical groups from Missouri
Musical groups from Kansas City, Missouri<EOD> Coleophora aphrocrossa is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in Gulmarg, in western Jammu and Kashmir, India.

The wingspan is about 12 mm. The head is light greyish, although the crown is fuscous except the sides. The palpi are white. The antennae are white ringed dark fuscous and the thorax is grey. The forewings are also grey, although the costal edge is ochreous-white from near the base to the apex. The hindwings are light grey.

References

aphrocrossa
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1933<EOD> Rhoda Lillian Rennie (2 May 1905 in Benoni – 11 March 1963) was a South African freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.

In 1928 she was a member of the South African relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay event. She also competed in the 100 metre freestyle competition and in the 400 metre freestyle event, but was in both eliminated in the first round.

Rennie committed suicide in Johannesburg in 1963.

References

External links
Rhoda Rennie's profile at Sports Reference.com
Rhoda Rennie's obituary
Rhoda Rennie's grave

1905 births
1963 suicides
People from Benoni
Transvaal Colony people
South African female swimmers
South African female freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of South Africa
Swimmers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists Non-Equity Wing
 Incidental Music
 Misha Fiksel & Gregor Mortis

2007Marathon '33
Joseph Jefferson Awards, Non-Equity Wing
 Outstanding Ensemble

2005
Three Sisters

Joseph Jefferson Awards, Non-Equity Wing
Best Adaptation
Curt Columbus
Best Scenic Design
Brian Sidney Bembridge
After Dark Awards
Best Overall Technical
Best Production

Board of directors
Meaghan Clayton
Thomas Linguanti
Camille McLeod
Jennifer Nelson
Seth Rickard
Chelsea Wilson
Patrick Zubrod

Artistic Associates
Matt Hawkins

Members
Aly Renee Amidei
Hank Boland
Nicole Bloomsmith
Brittan exchange.

See also 

 Beach erosion and accretion
 Beach evolution
 Beach nourishment
 Modern recession of beaches
 Raised beach

 Integrated coastal zone management
 Coastal management, to prevent coastal erosion and creation of beach
 Coastal and oceanic landforms
 Coastal erosion
 Coastal geography
 Cuspate foreland
 Detention basin
 Coastal engineering
 Hard engineering
 Accropode
 Xbloc
 Soft engineering
 Coastal morphodynamics
 Coastal and Estuarine Research Federation (CERF)
 Human impacts on coasts
 Sea level rise
 Natural hazard
 List of countries by length of coastline

 Erosion
 Bioerosion
 Blowhole
 Natural arch
 actors
Living people
Male actors from New York City
American people of Italian descent
People from Brooklyn<EOD> Tickle Bay is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

References

Bays of Newfoundland and Labrador<EOD> Hacienda San Francisco, also known as Hacienda Quilichini, is a sugar mill comp Info Bonaire in English. The local newspapers, some of which are also available online, include The Bonaire Reporter in English, Extra and Bonerianotorch.Size([32, 2049])
, Nigeria. In 2011, Waconzy collaborated with Duncan Mighty for the remix of "I Celebrate".

He released his debut album I Celebrate in 2010. The album included the singles "I Celebrate", "Too Much Money", "Wedding Day" and "Chuku Chuku".

Following his debut album, Waconzy released his album Money Back Guarantee in 2013 which featured the songs "Amosu", "Club on Fire" and "Sweet like Tombo". In 2015, he released the Waconzy Greatest Hits compilation album which featured the songs "Na God", "Balling like Waconzy (Ekpoh)" and "Ogbono".

Waconzy has made charitable contributions in Nigeria. He helped feed over a thousand poor people and kicked off the Waconzy versus Malaria Zero Tolerance campaign to fight malaria in Africa.

Waconzy has collaborated with Banky W. ("Jangolova"), Faze ("Champion"), Duncan Mighty ("I Celebrate" remix), Naeto C ("Hallelujah" remix) and Truth Hurts ("Club on Fire" remix).

World tours and notable performances

World Tours
Hottest Naija Boy Alive Tour (Europe Tour) in 2014 where he was spotted with Se
Population

See also
Communes of the Indre department

References

Communes of Indre<EOD> Avon Publications is one of the leading publishers of romance fiction. At Avon's initial stages, it was an American paperback book and comic book publisher. The shift in content occurred in the early 1970s with multiple Avon romance titles reaching and maintaining spots in bestseller lists, demonstrating the market and potential profits in romance publication. As of 2010, Avon is an imprint of HarperCollins.

Early history (1941–1971)


RFC Kalev
RFC Kalev on Facebook

References 

Estonian rugby union teams
Sport in Tallinn
Rugby clubs established in 2006
2006 establishments in Estonia<EOD> The bushveld gerbil (Gerbilliscus leucogaster) is a species of rodent found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Eswatini, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, and hot deserts.  Older sources classify it in the genus Tatera.

The bushveld gerbil is classified as a granivorous insectivore, but it will feed on herbage if its preferred foods are unavailable, and it commonly does so in the dry season.  Breeding occurs in the wet season (September to April), with its timing dependent on the amount of rainfall.  Mean litter size is between four and five.

References

Musser, G. G. and M. D. Carleton. 2005. Superfamily Muroidea. pp. 894–1531 in Mammal Species of the World a Taxonomic and Geographic Reference. D. E. Wipussylson and D. M. Reeder eds. Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore.

Gerbilliscus
Mammals described in 1852
Taxa named by Wilhelm Peters
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot<EOD> The women's 3000 metres event  at the 1996 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held in Stockholm Globe Arena on 8–9 March.

Medalists

Results

Heats
First 3 from each heat (Q) and the next 5 fastest (q) qualified for the final.

Final

References

3000 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
3000
1996 in women's athletics<EOD> John Braithwaite (3 January 1885 – 29 October 1916) was a New Zealander who served in the First World War with the New Zealand Expeditionary Force. Supposedly a journalist before the war, in 1916 he was convicted of mutiny and executed by firing squad. He was posthumously pardoned in September 2000 through the passage of the Pardon for Soldiers of the Great War Act 2000.

Early life
816) m. Burgravine Louise Isabelle of Kirchberg
 William, Duke of Nassau (1792–1839) m. Princess Pauline of Württemberg
 Princess Helena of Nassau (1831–1888) m. George Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont
 Friedrich, Prineign's prime representative in a county and reduced the High Sheriff's precedence. Despite however that the office retains his responsibilities for the preservation of law and order in a county.

While the office of High Sheriff ceased to exist in those Irish counties, which had formed the Irish Free State in 1922, it is still present in the counties of Northern Ireland.

High Sheriffs

1610: Richard West
1620: Nicholas Ward
1624: Nicholas Ward
1634: Henry Savage
1641: Peter Hill
1655: James Trail
1656: Bernard Ward (son of Nicholas HS 1620)
1657: Roger West (son of Richard HS 1610)
1661: Robert Ward (son of Bernard HS 1656)
1662: Nicholas Ward (torch.Size([32, 2049])
, 1 (2191 meters) is on the border of the village with Gifu Prefecture

Surrounding municipalities
Nagano Prefecture
 Iida
 Nagiso
 Anan
 Hiraya
Shimojō
Gifu Prefecture
Nakatsugawa

Demographics 
Per Japanese census data, the population of Achi has decreased over the past 60 years.

Climate
The town has a climate characterized by hot and humid summers, and cold winters (Köppen climate classification Cfa).  The average annual temperature in Achi is 10.4 °C. The average annual rainfall is 1944 mm with September as the wettest month. The temperatures are highest on average in August, at around 22.5 °C, and lowest in January, at around -1.6 °C.

History
The area of present-day Achi was part of ancient Shinano Province. The modern villages of Ochi, Chiri and Goka were established on April 1, 1889 by the establishment of the municipalities system. The three villages merged on September 30, 1956 to form the village of Achi. The neighboring village of Namiai was annexed on January 1, 2006.

On March 31, 2009 the village of Seinaiji, also in Shimoina District, was merged into Achi.

Economy
The economy of Achi is based on agriculture, with Jerusalem artichoke, garlic and Yacón as noted local specialities

Education
Achi has five public elementary schools and one public middle school operated by the village government and one private elementary school. The village has one public high school, which is operated by the Nagano Prefectural Board of Education.

Transportation

Railway
The village has no passenger railway service.

Highway
  Chūō Expressway

Local attractions
Misaka Pass, a National Historic Site

Notable people from Achi
Motoichi Kumagai, photographer
Taro Achi, screenwriter, novelist

References

External links

Official Website 

 
Villages in Nagano Prefecture<EOD> Igor Tkachenko (; born 14 January 1964 in Frunze) is a former Kyrgyzstani football player.

References

1964 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC Alga Bishkek players
FC Vostok players
Kyrgyzstani footballers
FC Krystal Chortkiv players
Kyrgyzstani expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
FC Ural Yekaterinburg players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
FC Dordoi Bishkek players
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
FC Nosta Novotroitsk players<EOD> Valea Orății River may refer to:

 Valea Orății, a tributary of the Prahova in Romania
 Valea Orății, a tributary of the Teleajen in Romania<EOD> Drync is a wine mobile app for both iOS platforms developed by Drync LLC. The company was founded by Brad Rosen and Bill Kirtley.  It is primarily a mobile software application that helps users to discoverS and the Inter-American Commission of human rights.

Key Areas of Human Rights

Women's Rights 

It is currently illegal to discriminate against women in Costa Rica, the country historically placing large emphasis on promoting gender equality; the constitution pledges equal rights. Power disparity does still exist, yet has significantly lessened in recent years. Costa Rica ranks third in the developing nations for gender equality. Marriage is usually consensual, on the basis on love, with divorces legal and usually favouring women in terms of division of assets and custody of children.

Free, compulsory primary and secondary education is provided to all women in Costa Rica. Both private and public higher university education is also accessible. Literacy rates between men and women sit equal at 96%. Due to greater access to education, alongside economic necessity, women now constitute approximately 36% of the labour force, predominantly in manufacturing industries. Female participation in business and science industries still remains low, despite women now being able to manage and own assets, such as wealth and properties. Wage disparity persists, men earning, on average, 23.6% more for the same job.

Costa Rica has one of the highest levels of female political representation globally. Women hold approximately 34% of national seats in parliament and 47% of municipal seats. The first female president was Laura Chinchilla Miranda in 2010. Women currently hold both the first and second vice presidency positions. The right of women to vote was planoantennatum Ingrisch, 1986
Spathosternum prasiniferum Walker, 1871
Spathosternum pygmaeum Karsch, 1893
Spathosternum venulosum Stål, 1878

References

External links

Acrididae
Insects of Southeast Asia
Insects of Africa<EOD> Laureles is a town in the Ñeembucú department of Paraguay.

Sources 
World Gazeteer: Paraguay – World-Gazetteer.com

Populated places in the Ñeembucú Department<EOD> Peter Wallace Rodino Jr. (June 7, 1909 – May 7, 2005) was an American Democratic politician. He represented partstorch.Size([32, 2049])
ation, more than the aesthetics themselves. Soon Seattle had a growing and "varied music scene" and "diverse urban personality" expressed by local "post-punk garage bands". Grunge evolved from the local punk rock scene, and was inspired by bands such as The Fartz, The U-Men, 10 Minute Warning, The Accüsed, and the Fastbacks. Additionally, the slow, heavy, and sludgy style of the Melvins was a significant influence on the grunge sound. Roy Shuker states that grunge's success built on the "foundations ... laid throughout the 1980s by earlier alternative music scenes." Shuker states that music critics "... emphasized the perceived purity and authenticity of the Seattle scene. 

Outside the Pacific Northwest, a number of artists and music scenes influenced grunge. Alternative rock bands from the Northeastern United States, including Sonic Youth, Pixies, and Dinosaur Jr., are important influences on the genre. Through their patronage of Seattle bands, Sonic Youth "inadvertently nurtured" the grunge scene, and reinforced the fiercely independent attitudes of its musicians. Nirvana introduced into the Seattle scene the noise-inflected influences of Scratch Acid and the Butthole Surfers.

Several Australian bands, including The Scientists, Cosmic Psychos and Feedtime, are cited as precursors to grunge, their music influencing the Seattle scene through the college radio broadcasts of Sub Pop founder Jonathan Poneman and members of Mudhoney. The influence of Pixies on Nirvana was noted by Kurt Cobain, who commented in a Rolling Stone interview, "I connected with that band so heavily that I should have been in that band—or at least a Pixies cover band. We used their sense of dynamics, being soft and quiet and then loud and hard." In August 1997, in an interview with Guitar World, Dave Grohl said: "From Kurt, Krist [Novoselic] and I liking the Knack, Bay City Rollers, Beatles and Abba just as much as we liked Flipper and Black Flag ... You listen to any Pixies record and it's all over there. Or even Black Sabbath's "War Pigs"—it's there: the power of the dynamic. We just sort of abused it with pop songs and got sick with it."

Aside from the genre's punk and alternative rock roots, many grunge bands were equally influenced by heavy metal of the early 1970s. Clinton Heylin, author of Babylon's Burning: From Punk to Grunge, cited Black Sabbath as "perhaps the most ubiquitous pre-punk influence on the northwest scene". Black Sabbath played a role in shaping the grunge sound, through their own records and the records they inspired. Musicologist Bob Gulla asserted that Black Sabbath's sound "shows up in virtually all of grunge's most popular bands, including Nirvana, Soundgarden, and Alice in Chains". The influence of Led Zeppelin is also evident, particularly in the work of Soundgarden, whom Q magazine noted were "in thrall to '70s rock, but contemptuous of the genre's overt sexism and machismo". Jon Wiederhorn of Guitar World wrote: "So what exactly is grunge? ... Picture a supergroup made up of Creedence Clearwater Revival, Black Sabbath and the Stooges, and you're pretty close." Catherine Strong states that grunge's strongest metal influence was thrash metal, which had a tradition of "equality with the audience", based on the notion that "anyone could start a band" (a way of thinking also shared by US hardcore punk, which Strong also cites as an influence on grunge) which was also taken up by grunge bands. Strong states that grunge musicians were opposed to the then-popular "hair metal" bands.

Strong states that "... sections of what was [US] hardcore became known as  by the Jews, who learned the method of enlarging a goose's liver during the Roman colonisation of Judea or earlier from Egyptians. The Jews carried this culinary knowledge as they migrated farther north and west to Europe.

The Judaic dietary law, Kashrut, forbade lard as a cooking medium, and butter, too, was proscribed as an alternative since Kashrut also prohibited mixing meat and dairy products. Jewish cuisine used olive oil in the Mediterranean, and sesame oil in Babylonia, but neither cooking medium was readily available in Western and Central Europe, so poultry fat (known in Yiddish as schmaltz), which could be abundantly produced by overfeeding geese, was substituted in their stead. The delicate taste of the goose's liver was soon appreciated; Hans Wilhelm Kirchhof of Kassel wrote in 1562 that the Jews raise fat geese and particularly love their livers. Some Rabbis were concerned that eating forcibly overfed geese violated Jewish food restrictions. Some rabbis contended that it is not a forbidden food (treyf) as none of its limbs are damaged and the geese did not feel any paintorch.Size([32, 2049])
p of the Pops 2 (1994–present)
 Father Ted (1995–1998)
 Hollyoaks (1995–present)
 Is It Legal? (1995–1998)
 The Demon Headmaster (1996–1998)
 Wake Up in the Wild Room (1996–1998)
 Ballykissangel (1996–2001)

Ending this year
 The Woody Woodpecker Show (1957–1997)
 Sportsnight (1965–1997)
 Rainbow (1972–1992, 1994–1997)
 Celebrity Squares (1975–1979, 1993–1997, 2014–2015)
 Give Us a Clue (1979–1997)
 Postman Pat (1981, 1991–1994, 1996, 2004–2008)
 Chain Letters (1987–1997)
 You Bet! (1988–1997)
 Playdays (1988–1997)
 Harry Enfield's Television Programme (1990–1997)
 The Brittas Empire (1991–1997)
 Soldier Soldier (1991–1997)
 Come Outside (1993–1997)
 Talking Telephone Numbers (1994–1997)
 All Quiet on the Preston Front (1994–1997)
 Pie in the Sky (1994–1997)
 Oh, Doctor Beeching! (1995–1997)
 Paul Merton in Galton & Simpson's... (1996–1997)
 This Life (1996–1997)
 All Rise for Julian Clary (1996–1997)
 The Big Big Talent Show (1996–1997)
 Have Your Cake and Eat It (1997)
 Plotlands
 The Man Who Made Husbands Jealous (1997)
 Holding On (1997)
 Hotel (1997)
 The Prince of Atlantis (1997)
 The History of Tom Jones (1997)
 Mastermind (1972-1997, 2003–present)

Births
 2 February – Ellie Bamber, actress
 1 April – Asa Butterfield, actor
 15 April – Maisie Williams, actress
 3 July – Mia McKenna-Bruce, actress 
 16 August – Tilly Keeper, actress 
 25 August – Holly Gibbs, actress
 7 September – Dean-Charles Chapman, actor
 16 September – Amy-Leigh Hickman, actress

Deaths

See also
 1997 in British music
 1997 in British radio
 1997 in the United Kingdom
 List of British films of 1997

References<EOD> The Office of Detainee Affairs was created by the United States Department of Defense in July 2004.

Bryan Del Monte served as deputy director for policy development and international issues in the Office of Detainee Affairs.

References

United States Department of Defense agencies<EOD> Swissair Asia was a subsidiary of Swissair founded due to the legal status of the Republic of China (Taiwan) and territory disputes with the People's Republic of China in order to allow Swissair to continue flying to Taiwan from Switzerland.

History 
Swissair Asia was formed to serve Taipei, Taiwan, within the Republic of China, while Swissair was maintaining service to the People's Republic of China. It began operating a twice-weekly service between Zurich and Taipei via Bangkok in 1995. The airline ceased operating when their parent company Swissair went bankrupt in 2001.

Livery 
Aircraft formerly used by Swissair Asia had the Chinese character "" (, which means from the Chinese character for "propitious" or "lucky" and translation of Switzerland, "" (), on the tail fin instead of the cross. The kanji character was designed by the Basel-based Japanese calligrapher Sakamoto Sanae (坂本早苗).

Destinations

Asia 
 
 Bangkok – Suvarnabhumi Airport
 
 Taipei – Chiang Kai Shek International Airport (hub)

Europe 
 
 Zurich – Zurich Airport (hub)

Fleet 

Swissair Asia operated two MD-11s transferred from Swissair proper.

See also 
 Australia Asia Airlines
 British Asia Airways
 Japan Asia Airways
 KLM Asia
 Air France Asie

References 

Swissair
Defunct airlines of Taiwan
Defunct airlines of Switzerland
Taiwanese companies established in 1995<EOD> Vachon is a provincial electoral district in the Montérégie region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It is located within the city of Longueuil and includes most of the borough of Saint-Hubert.

It was created for the 1981 election from a part of Taillon electoral district and is named after early Quebec aviation pioneer Roméo Vachon, who worked at Trans-Canada Airlines; the district includes Montréal/Saint-Hubert Airport.

In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, its territory was unchanged.

Members of the National Assembly
This riding has elected the following Members of the National Assembly:

Election results

|-
 
|Liberal
|Michel Bienvenu
|align="right"|11,809
|align="right"|32.58
|align="right"|+11.37

|-
|}

|-
 
|Liberal
|Linda Langlois Saulnier
|align="right"|7,885
|aligtorch.Size([32, 2049])
ets fall during the first half of the opening day. He also took seven wickets at an average of 26.00 runs in the series, which India won 2–0. Pathan later admitted that he had been disappointed in failing to score a Test century. Following his strong performance.

Staff members of the Permanent Mission of Israel to the United Nations also organize visits by the Israeli authorities to the UN headquarters, notably during the general debate that opens the annual session of the UN General Assembly, which traditionally takes place in September.ertz, Clifford (1983) Common sense as cultural system.  In: C. Geertz (Ed.), Local knowledge (pp. 73–93).  New York:  Basic Books.
Good, Byron and Mary-Jo Del-Vecchio Good (2008) Postcolonial Disorders: Reflections on subjectivity in the Contemporary World, In Postcolonial Disorders. Mary-Jo DelVecchio Good, Sandra T. Hyde, sarah Pinto and Byron J. Good, eds. pp. 1–41. U California Press.
 Gramsci, Antonio (1971) Selections from the Prison Notebooks of Antonio Gramsci.  Translated and edited by Quintin Hoare and Geoffrey Nowell Smith.  New York:  International Publishers.
 Halperin, Rhoda H. (2008) Gifting the Children:  Ritual Economy of a Community School. In Dimen mountains, since they form an additional barrier to air circulation. During a severe inversion, trapped air pollutants form a brownish haze that can cause respiratory problems. The Great Smog of 1952 in London, England, is one of the most serious examples of such an inversion. It was blamed for an estimated 11,000 to 12,000 deaths.

Sometimes the inversion layer is at a high enough altitude that cumulus clouds can condense but can only spread out under the inversion layer.  This decreases the amount of sunlight reaching the ground and prevents new thermals from forming. As the clouds disperse, sunny weather replaces cloudiness in a cycle that can occur more than once a day.

Wave propagation

Light
As the temperature of air increases, the index of refraction of air decreases, a side effect of hotter air being less dense. Normally this results in distant objects being shortened vertically, an effect that is easy to see at sunset where the sun is visible as an oval. In an inversion, the normal pattern is reversed, and distant objects are instead stretched out or appear to be above the horizon, leading to the phenomenon known as a Fata Morgana or mirage.

Inversions can magnify the so-called "green flash"—a phenomenon occurring at sunrise or sunset, usually visible for a few seconds, in which the sun's green light is isolated due to dispersion. The shorter wavelength is refracted most, so it is the first or last light from the upper rim of the solar disc to be seen.

Radio waves

Very high frequency radio waves can be refracted by inversions, making it possible to hear FM radio or watch VHF low-band television broadcasts from long distances on foggy nights. The signal, which would normally be refracted up and away into space, is instead refracted down towards the earth by the temperature-inversion boundary layer. This phenomenon is called tropospheric ducting. Along coast lines during Autumn and Spring, due to multiple stations being simultaneously present because of reduced propagation losses, many FM radio stations are plagued by severe signal degradation disrupting reception.
In higher frequencies such as microwaves, such refraction causes multipath propagation and fading.

Sound
When an inversion layer is present, if a sound or explosion occurs at ground level, the sound wave is refracted by the temperature gradient (which affects sound speed) and returns towards the ground. The sound, therefore, travels much better than normal. This is noticeable in areas around airports, where the sound of aircraft taking off and landing often can be heard at greater distances around dawn than at other times of day, and inversion thunder which is significantly louder and travels further than when it is produced by lightning strikes under normal conditions.

Shock waves
The shock wave from an explosion can be reflected by an inversion layer in much the same way as it bounces off the ground in an air-burst and can cause additional damage as a result. This phenomenon killed two people in the Soviet RDS-37 nuclear test when a building collapsed.

See also

 Index of meteorology articles

References

External links

Atmospheric thermodynamics
Radio frequency propagation<EOD> Emilia Chapellín Istúriz, better known as Mother Emilia de San José, (7 December 1858 - 18 January 1893) was a Venezuelan nun, considered venerable by the Catholic Church. She founded in 1890 the Congregation of the Little Sisters of the Poor in Maiquetia, which became the first Catholic religious congregation established in torch.Size([32, 2049])
or for the Katesgrove Ward of Reading Borough Council in 2011. He stood without success for election in the East Surrey parliamentary constituency at the 2010 general election, and for the Reading East parliamentary constituency at the 2015 general election.

MP in the 2017 parliament
Rodda was elected for the Reading East constituency on 8 June 2017 at the 2017 snap election. He received 27,093 votes, unseating the sitting MP, Rob Wilson of the Conservative Party, by a majority of 3,749.

In January 2018, Rodda was promoted to a frontbench position in a Shadow Cabinet mini-shuffle, becoming the Shadow Minister for Local Transport.

MP in the 2019 parliament 
In the general election held on 12 December 2019 Rodda was returned as the member of parliament for Reading East with an increased majority of 5,924. Rodda nominated Emily Thornberry in the 2020 Labour leadership election.

In the first Shadow Cabinet of Keir Starmer, Rodda was appointed Shadow Minister for Buses.

In January 2021, Rodda was appointed Shadow Minister for Pensions after Jack Dromey was promoted to be to the Shadow Cabinet Office after Helen Hayes resigned to abstain on the Brexit Bill. Rodda was replaced by Sam Tarry.

References

External links

Page on MyParliament website

1966 births
Living people
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 2017–2019
Alumni of the University of Sussex
English journalists
English civil servants
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Councillors in Berkshire
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Reading
UK MPs 2019–present<EOD> Weinplatz (literally: Wine square) is a popular public square adjacent to the Gmüesbrugg bridge and the historical Schipfe quarter.

Geography 
Weinplatz is situated in the historical center of Zürich, previously known as Celtic-Roman Turicum, on the southeastern foothill of the Lindenhof, right westerly of the Rathausbrück Writers) (Manchester University Press, 2001).
Hanif Kureishi. "The Road Exactly: Introduction to My Son the Fanatic." Collected Essays. Faber & Faber, 2011. 235–241.
Andreas Gaile, ed. My Son the Fanatic: A Screenplay. Reclam (Fremdsprachentexte). Stuttgart: Reclam, 2007. With an Afterword by the editor.

1999 short stories
British short stories
B. The unoccupied residence was imperiled until its purchase by the Parisian banker Pierre-Antoine Ravel in June 1802. An anecdote from this period tells of the hunting expedition of Napoleon Bonaparte, then the First Consul, who had the gates of the abandoned park opened so that his company could ride through the chateau's salon in pursuit of a stag.

Ravel's heir sold the property one last time in 1838 to Anne-Elie-Marie de Montmorency-Luxembourg, a distant descendant of the . She occupied the properties of her ancestors under the Restoration, but only very briefly. Fearing death on the scaffold, she was bullied out of her ownership rights by her politically liberal neighbors, who were closely allied to Marly’s mayor. Upon her death, the property was retroceded by her heir to his relatives, Madame and Monsieur Béthune-Sully. They used the château as a private hospital for Madame Béthune-Sully, who suffered from dementia.

In 1863, “a wanderer, mounted on a donkey that bore him through the woods at will, suddenly had his steed halt at the edge of a broad hollow covered with an abundance of tasty thistles. Our wanderer, enchanted by the spot’s cool air and solitude, urged his mount through the lofty trees that edged the far side of the ditch, eager to discover what their dense foliage would reveal.” This “wanderer” was none other than the dramatist Victorien Sardou. He was captivated by the place. Ardently longing to own it, he achieved his goal in August 1863. He altered the appearance of the property, filling it with his collections and the gifts bestowed on him by admirers.

A celebrated playwright, he surrounded himself with a circle of performers and artists who flattered him and enthusiastically attended the lavish receptions he hosted in his residence in Marly. Victorien Sardou also became involved in the daily life of the commune of Marly, but he met his match when he attempted to organize a genuine “counter-revolution.” Despite this setback, he kept his beloved Château des Sphinx. When he died in 1908, the usufruct of thechief of TarcherPerigee.

A frequent writer and speaker on religion and metaphysics in print and on television, radio and the web, Horowitz has appeared on The History Channel, The Montel Williams Show, Coast to Coast AM, and American Radio Journal.

Works and scholarship 
Horowitz is the authtorch.Size([32, 2049])
olence in Grosvenor Square because of the lower classes (or, depending on one's sense of humour, the upper classes) receiving education.
In Oscar Wilde's play Lady Windermere's Fan, the Duchess of Berwick says, "I think on the whole that Grosvenor Square would be a more healthy place to reside in. There are lots of vulgar people live in Grosvenor Square, but at any rate there are no horrid kangaroos crawling about."
Dorian Gray, the protagonist of Oscar Wilde's novel The Picture of Dorian Gray, lives in or close to Grosvenor Square.
Alfred Sutro's one-act play A Marriage Has Been Arranged (1904) portrays a ball in "the Conservatory of No. 300 Grosvenor Square".
Caroline Bingley makes a comment regarding the local dance in Pride and Prejudice "We are a long way from Grosvenor Square, are we not, Mr Darcy".
It is used as a reference to the CIA's London office in the BBC spy drama Spooks.
In Julia Quinn's novel The Duke & I – also published under the title Bridgerton – Grosvenor Square is the main setting for both the Bridgertons' and the Featheringtons' London homes. It is also featured in the Netflix series Bridgerton.
Roy Harper sings the line "don't you think you could have taken Grandad and his medals And played a different game in Grosvenor Square" in his 1971 anti-war song One Man Rock and Roll Band.
  is one of Letitia Elizabeth Landon's Scenes in London. In it a travelling orphan boy (the Savoyard) sings for his bread, only to be ignored by the wealthy gentry. He takes comfort at the sight of an orange tree, a reminder of nature and home.

See also 
 Protests of 1968
 List of eponymous roads in London
 Grosvenor Square, Dublin

References 
Citations

Sources

External links 

 
 Introductory page from the Survey of London – the subsequent pages cover the past and present buildings in great detail.

Mayfair
Squares in the City of Westminster
Diplomatic districts
1721 establishments in England
Garden squares in London<EOD> Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians could refer to:

Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians, Belmont
Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians, Filippsdorf
Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians, Shanghai
Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians, Turin<EOD> Youth is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Romaine Fielding and starring Carlyle Blackwell, June Elvidge and Johnny Hines.

Cast
 Carlyle Blackwell as Bryan Goodwin 
 June Elvidge  as Jean Elliott 
 Johnny Hines as Kamura 
 George Cowl as Henry Elliott 
 Muriel Ostriche as Grace Van Seer 
 Robert Broderick as James Goodwin 
 Victor Kennard as Murray Bronson 
 Henrietta Simpson as Mrs. Van Seer 
 Henry West as Dougherty

References

Bibliography
 Ann Catherine Paietta & Jean L. Kauppila. Health Professionals on Screen. Scarecrow Press, 1999.

External links
 

1917 films
1917 drama films
English-language films
American films
American silent feature films
American drama films
Films directed by Romaine Fielding
American black-and-white films
World Film Company films<EOD> Blue Mountain Alternative High School is a public alternative high school in John Day, Oregon, United States.

Academics
In 2008, 53% of the school's seniors received a high school diploma. Of 15 students, eight graduated, two dropped out, one received a modified diploma, and four were still in high school the following year.

References

High schools in Grant County, Oregon
Alternative schools in Oregon
Education in Grant County, Oregon
Public middleroads, the only difference being that A roads are single carriageways. A roads also carry less traffic than M roads. For example, the Princes Highway west of Geelong is route number A1.
B Roads are sealed roads wide enough to accommodate two lanes of traffic with good line markings, provide adequate shoulders and high quality and visibility signage. B roads are the primary transport links for regions not connected by either M or A roads, as well as major tourist routes, such as the Great Ocean Road (route number B100).
C Roads are generally sealed two lane roads with shoulders and serve as links between population centres and the major road network. For example, the Mount Dandenong Tourist Road is route number C415.

The Victorian road numbering system is based on a 'ring and spoke' system. The 'ring' highways (highways that circle Victoria) numbers are given in the multiple of hundreds e.g. Henty Highway (200), Murray Valley Highway (400) and Great Alpine Road (500) make the outermost ring. Midland Highway (300) and MaroonBanned subreddits

Beatingwomen
On June 9, 2014, a subreddit called r/beatingwomen was closed by Reddit. The community, which featured graphic depictions of violence against women, was banned after its moderators were found totorch.Size([32, 2049])
niches of its temples that resembles Barong.

Architecture
Unlike the other temples in Central Java, Barong Temple took shape as a stepped terraces locally known as punden berundak, which was an ancient design of pre-Hindu megalithic sacred structure in Java. This unusable.

It was at this dramatic moment, with everyone keyed up and ready to go, that the aerial photographs arrived. They showed that primary landing site Broadway was clear, but Piccadilly had been blocked by tree trunks; no gliders would land there that night. The general opinion was that the Japs had realized the possibilities of Piccadilly as a landing area and had deliberately blocked it, though some time later we discovered that the explanation was much simpler: Burmese woodmen had laid out their trees to dry in the clearing.

Wingate was enraged by Cochran's actions but admitted that the danger was real. He and Calvert weighed the options. The danger of executing a potentially compromised operation were substantial, but any delay threatened to push back the window of opportunity by at least a month. Of the three planned sites only two were available; Calvert suggested the plan be further altered and the entire brigade flown into Broadway. He said, "I am prepared to take the whole of my brigade into Broadway and do without [second landing site] Piccadilly." Calvert later wrote, "We had taken into account that [third landing site] Chowringhee was to the east of the Irrawaddy while Broadway was west of the river. I told Wingate, 'I don't want to split my brigade either side of the Irrawaddy. I am prepared to take all the brigade into Broadway alone and take the consequence of a slower build-up.'" Lieutenant-General William Slim "asked Calvert...and found him strongly against [using] Chowringhee." Further discussion with Slim and Wingate clinched the matter: "it was to be Broadway alone. I was nervous as bales, I imagine we all were, but we all knew we had to go...In any case Broadway was clear and I could really see no reason why we should not go in there just because Piccadilly was blocked."

Each American C-47 towed two heavily laden Waco CG-4 gliders. Although a double tow posed no problems for a competent pilot in good weather, many of the pilots were inexperienced and the route across the mountain ranges bordering the Chindwin river guaranteed a turbulent, unsettled flight. The first gliders were scheduled to arrive at Broadway by 9:30pm, but by 2:00am Wingate and the others waiting at Lalaghat had not yet heard from Calvert. Poor reconnaissance, not enemy resistance, caused the delay, as aerial reconnaissance had failed to show a number of ditches scarring the field at Broadway. Calvert wrote:

All six of the advance party gliders had landed and the plan had been that we would wheel them off to make way for the next batch, which would in turn be wheeled away and so on. But we had reckoned without the ditches. Three of the six gliders were so badly wrecked that the small force at present on the ground could not shift them. We worked at them furiously but suddenly I heard a shout and looked up. In the bright light of the moon I saw to my horror that the first two of the next batch had cast off [their tows] and were winging their silent way down.

Calvert transmitted the prearranged signal "Soya Link", the most despised of ration items, to stop all flying, but at 6:30am on 6 March he radioed the code words "Pork Sausage" to resume flights into Broadway. A strip for C-47s was in place that evening, and supplies came rushing in. Calvert lost no time in organizing reconnaissance missions and fortifying Broadway. By 13 March the build-up was complete. In seven nights about 9,000 men, 1,350 animals, 250 tons of supplies and weapons had landed behind enemy lines in Burma.

Broadway
On 17 March Calvert led a bayonet charge against Japanese positions shielded by a sunken road and a steep hill crowned with a pagoda. He noticed that friendly forces nearby were drawing heavier fire. In fact, elements of the South Staffordshire Regiment had dug in adjacent to a Japanese unit. Neither force was aware of the other. Deciding that something had to be done, he elected to make a frontal assault:

I saw something had to be done pretty quickly, so I shouted to Freddie that we were going to charge. I then told everyone that we were going to charge the Pagoda Hill. There were reinforcements on our left flank who would charge as well. So, standing up, I shouted out 'Charge' in the approved Victorian manner, and ran down the hill...Half of the South Staffords joined in. Then looking back I found a lot had not. So I told them to bloody well 'Charge, what the hell do you think you're doing.' So they charged. Machine-gunners, mortar teams,torch.Size([32, 2049])
ding to International Skating Union rules for switching nationalities, Safonova was required to sit out international competition for a year dating from her last international appearance, ruling her ineligible for Junior Grand Prix events. Safonova made her international debut for Belarus at the 2019 Volvo Open Cup, where she won the gold medal ahead of Azerbaijan's Ekaterina Ryabova and Alina Urushadze of Georgia. She then placed seventh at 2019 CS Warsaw Cup. Safonova earned personal bests in all segments to win the silver medal at 2019 CS Golden Spin of Zagreb, behind Elizaveta Tuktamysheva of Russia and ahead of Germany's Nicole Schott.

Safonova won the national title in her first attempt at the 2020 Belarusian Championships, ahead of Milana Ramashova and Anastasiya Sidorenko. She then finished fourteenth at the 2020 European Championships.  Safonova had been assigned to compete at the World Championships in Montreal, but those were cancelled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.

2020–2021 season 
Safonova opened her season at the 2020 Ice Star in October, winning gold ahead of Russians Anastasiia Guliakova and Sofia Samodurova.  She was assigned to make her Grand Prix debut at the 2020 Rostelecom Cup, placing eighth at the event. Safonova was scheduled to compete at the 2021 World Championships, but was forced to withdraw two days before the ladies' short program due to a positive COVID-19 test.

2021–2022 season 
Following the withdrawal from the World Championships, Safonova competed at the beginning of the new season at the 2021 CS Nebelhorn Trophy, seeking a second opportunity to qualify a berth for Belarus at the 2022 Winter Olympics. She was third in both segments to win the bronze medal, in the process taking the third of six available spots. She went on to place eighth at the 2021 CS Finlandia Trophy and repeat as gold medalist at the Ice Star. She won the gold medal at the 2021 CS Denis Ten Memorial Challenge. Safonova was invited to compete on the Grand Prix at the 2021 Rostelecom Cup following the withdrawal of Kazakh skater Elizabet Tursynbaeva. She placed seventh at the event. 

At the 2022 European Championships in Tallinn, Safonova finished ninth. Named to the Belarussian team for the 2022 Winter Olympics, Safonova placed seventeenth in the short program of the women's event. Thirteenth in the free skate, she rose to thirteenth overall.

Programs

Competitive highlights 
GP: Grand Prix; CS:  Challenger Series

For Belarus

For Russia

Detailed results 
Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships.

For Belarus

For Russia

References

External links 
 

2003 births
Living people
Russian female single skaters
Belarusian female single skaters
Russian emigrants to Belarus
Figure skaters from Moscow
Figure skaters at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of Belarus<EOD> Julian Cleveland Smith (October 7, 1878 – June 24, 1939) was a Canadian engineer and business executive originally from the United States. He was associated for many years with the Shawinigan Water and Power Company, of which he was president from 1933 to 1939, and with the Montreal Tramways Company. He is considered the architect of the hydroelectric development of the Saint-Maurice River in central Quebec.

Biography 
Born in Elmira, New York, in the southwest of the State of New York, in October 1878, he moved with his family to Buffalo, where he attended elementary and high school together with his twin brother Joslyn. He enrolled at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. Although his twin brother died in January 1897, Smith continued his studies and received his degree in mechanical engineering, with electrical option in 1900. The 1900 Cornell yearbook describes him as a discreet and studious young man who had military ambitions before he chose to put his energies into his electrical engineering program.

After he graduated, he worked as an industrial designer for a manufacturing company and for the Pan-American Exposition which took place in Buffalo in 1901. He later joined the engineering firm of Wallace C. Johnson, in Niagara Falls, as a draftsman.

In September 1902, Johnson and Smith arrived in Shawinigan Falls to help with the construction of the hydroelectric facilities of the Shawinigan Water and Power Company. The company offered Smith a job as superintendent and he moved to Montreal. Smith rose through the ranks and became general superintendent in 1906, chief engineer in 1909, vice president in 1915 and vice president and general manager the next year. He succeeded  J. E. Aldred as president of SWP in 1933.

Smith had been associated with the SWP's major hydroelectric developments for the company's first 40 years - Shawinigan-2, Grand-Mère, La Gabelle, Rapide-Blanc and La Tuque generating stations – as well as management of the Saint-Maurtice River which gained him the title of "Archtorch.Size([32, 2049])
Alexander of Württemberg (1771–1833).

Maria Feodorovna transformed her court into the center of anti-Napoleon sentiment during the Napoleonic Wars and vehemently opposed any approach her son made to get to an agreement with Napoleon Bonaparte. When the French Emperor offered to marry her youngest daughter Anna Pavlovna, Maria strongly opposed the proposed marriage.

Dowager Empress and Death

Even past age 50, Maria Feodorovna retained traces of her youthful freshness.  Of a robust constitution, she outlived five of her ten children, including her eldest son and his wife, and saw the ascension to the throne of her third son, Nicholas I.  Once all her children were grown up, she maintained an avid correspondence with them, but both mother and children could be cool and remote at times because of their temperaments.

In 1822, Empress Maria Feodorovna moved into the renovated Yelagin Palace, but died in Pavlovsk, Saint Petersburg, Russia, on 5 November 1828, at the age of 69.  Her memory was revered by her children, who named their eldest daughters in her honour except for Grand Duchess Alexandra Pavlovna.  Later Russian tsarinas looked up to her and used her as a role model.  Pavlovsk Palace, in which Maria lived for so long and on which she left a major imprint, was maintained for her descendants as she left it, almost as a family museum, in accordance with her instructions, first by her younger son Michael and later by the Konstantinovich branch of the family, who inherited and kept it until the Russian Revolution.

Issue

Throughout her marriage with Paul I of Russia, Maria Feodorovna had ten children.

Maria Feodorovna was a considerate, loving mother who managed to maintain genuinely close relationships with all her children despite the fact that Catherine II took over her two eldest sons in their early years.
The future of her daughters and the education of her younger sons kept Maria's attention occupied during the first years of her widowhood.  She had total control over the future Nicholas I and Grand Duke Michael. She was influential in the early education of her grandson, the future Alexander II. Maria tried to surpass the education which Catherine II had provided for her two eldest sons, but didn't choose the best teachers for the younger ones.

Archives
Maria Feodorovna's letters to her brother, Frederick I of Württemberg, are preserved in the State Archive of Stuttgart (Hauptstaatsarchiv Stuttgart) in Stuttgart, Germany,    as well as her correspondence with other family members. Maria Feodorovna's correspondence with her parents, Frederick II Eugene, Duke of Württemberg, and Friederike of Brandenburg-Schwedt, written between 1776 and 1797, is also preserved in the State Archive of Stuttgart. In addition, Maria Feodorovna's letters to Friedrich Freiherrn von Maucler and his wife Luise Sophie Eleonore LeFort are also preserved in the State Archive of Stuttgart.

See also
 Office of the Institutions of Empress Maria

Ancestry

Notes

Bibliography
 Lincoln, W. Bruce, The Romanovs: Autocrats of All the Russias, Anchor, .
 Bernhard A. Macek, Haydn, Mozart und die Großfürstin: Eine Studie zur Uraufführung der "Russischen Quartette" op. 33 in den Kaiserappartements der Wiener Hofburg, Schloß Schönbrunn Kultur- und Betriebsges.m.b.H., 2012, .
 Burch, Susan. "Transcending Revolutions: The Tsars, the Soviets and Deaf Culture." Journal of Social History 34.2 (2000): 393-401.
 Massie, Suzanne, Pavlovsk: The Life of a Russian Palace, Hodder & Stoughton,1990, .
 Ragsdale, Hugh, Tsar Paul and the Question of Madness: An Essay in History and Psychology, Greenwood Press, .
 Troyat, Henri, Alexander of Russia, Dutton, 
 Troyat, Henri, Catherine the Great, Plume, 
 Madame Vigée Lebrun, Memoirs, Doubleday, Page & Company, 
 Waliszewski, Kazimierz, Paul the First of Russia, the son of Catherine the Great, Archon, 

|-

|-

|-

1759 births
1828 deaths
18th-century Russian people
19th-century Russian people
18th-century Russian women
19th-century Russian women
People from Szczecin
People from the Province of Pomerania
Russian empresses consorts
Russian grand duchesses by marriage
Duchesses of Holstein-Gottorp
Duchesses of Württemberg
Converts to Eastern Orthodoxy from Lutheranism
Burials at Saints Peter and Paul Cathedral, Saint Petersburg
Paul I of Russia<EOD> The Shelbourne Hotel is a historic hotel in Dublin, Ireland, situated in a landmark building on the north side of St Stephen's Green. torch.Size([32, 2049])
ment) and French Navy (Troupes de la marine, later Compagnies Franches de la Marine) supported by small local volunteer militia units (Colonial militia). Most early troops were sent from France, but localization after the growth of the colony meant that, by the 1690s, many were volunteers from the settlers of New France, and by the 1750s most troops were descendants of the original French inhabitants. Additionally, many of the early troops and officers who were born in France remained in the colony after their service ended, contributing to generational service and a military elite. The French built a series of forts from Newfoundland to Louisiana and others captured from the British during the 1600s to the late 1700s. Some were a mix of military posts and trading forts.

Military strategy

The soldiers of New France were either exceptionally well trained and very apt to the challenges of the colonial frontier, or they were dangerously inept.  Most of the military consisted of habitant militia rather than actual French soldiers. Upon their arrival, the soldiers of New France learned quickly that the traditional military techniques seen on the battlefields of Europe were not at all effective in the New World. The Iroquois attacks on the French forced them to adapt to their current situation. Luckily the French were experts on forging alliances with the Native people and with the help from their allies the French adopted what they called "la petite guerre".  This was essentially small-scale guerrilla warfare that allowed the French to harass and cripple targets slowly over time rather than engage in battle after battle, something that New France could not afford. The strategy consisted mostly of stealth and surprise attacks whose purpose lay in creating ambushes and raids, followed by immediate withdrawals from the battlefield. This strategy focused on the elimination of small groups of targets rather than capturing targets of strategic value. This style of warfare was not only well suited to the North American wilderness but it also allowed the French troops to be at a vast numerical disadvantage (outnumbered sometimes 20 to 1) and still effectively retaliate against their enemies, primarily the British.  Ironically, the fact that most of the soldiers were in fact habitant militia men actually aided in the ability to fight using these strategies given that many of these men would have been hunters and would already be accustomed to hunting and stalking in forests.

Indigenous relations

Indigenous allies
It was the job of the military to maintain good relations with frontier Indigenous North Americans in order to preserve French interests in the colony. In fact, preserving a positive relationship between the French and Native Peoples was the most important of the duties that were given to the military. Throughout the years the French developed ties with several Native tribes, those allies consisted mainly of the Abenakis, Algonquin, Huron, Montagnais, and Outaouais and through their partnership they taught the French much more than just military strategy. They taught them how to hunt, fish and dress their catches and they taught them how to navigate and essentially survive in the unforgiving Canadian wilderness. The French soldiers relied heavily on the Native warriors but their allegiance came at a cost. The Natives were "self interested and attached themselves only to the one who gives them the most... and if they failed to be rewarded one single time, the good that was done for them before counts for nothing". In addition, the Natives as tribes provided knowledge of the wilderness but the tribes themselves were not active in their wars as a whole. Native warriors participated in the French battles if they chose to do so usually under the arrangement that they would be compensated for their participation. Falling short on these agreements sometimes caused great discourse amongst the Natives and sometimes damaged French-Native relationships.

Decadence amongst the soldiers

Part of the job of the military was to create good trade relations with the Natives. New France relied heavily on the fur trade given that it was the only valuable commodity in the entire colony, which cost more to operate than it brought in, in profit. However, much of the military hierarchy was not based on merit but 4)
 Juan Emilio Elena (1985–89)
 Roberto Iturrieta (1989–94)
 Roberto Ferreiro (1994–95)
 Humberto Grondona (1995)
 Roberto Iturrieta (1995–97)
 Roberto Ferreiro (1997–98)
 José María Bianco (1998–01)
 Roberto Mariani (2001)
 Jorge Burruchaga (Jan 1, 2002 – June 30, 2005)
 José María Bianco (July 1, 2005 – March 22, 2006)
 Luis de Luise (interim) (2006)
 Miguel Ángel López (2006)
 Gustavo Alfaro (Dec 1, 2006 – June 30, 2008)
 Daniel Garnero (July 1, 2008 – April 26, 2009)
 Jorge Burruchaga (May 1, 2009 – April 30, 2010)
 Carlos Ruiz (interim) (May 1, 2010torch.Size([32, 2049])
dles, featuring the single "Dunce". The album was produced and co-written by Dan Deacon. Writing in Pitchfork's review of Riddles, Nina Corcoran described this collaboration as "a new musical direction... By lacing arms with Dan Deacon, the duo throw themselves into an auspicious zone, creating an album that remains introspective even at its wildest moments."

Support tours and shows
 Dan Deacon
 Future Islands
 Ceremony
 Wye Oak
 Chain and the Gang
 Dope Body 
 Thurston Moore
 New England Patriots
 Celebration
 Sex Jams
 Ski Mask
 Whore Paint
 Lorde Grunge
 Psychedelic Horseshit
 Wet Hair
 Bubbly Mommy Gun 
 What Cheer? Brigade
 Man Man
 A Place to Bury Strangers

Discography

LPs
 Jazz Mind (March 20, 2012)
 "Sermon" – 1:09
 "Gem Asylum" – 2:32
 "Traveling" – 1:57
 "Right" – 2:28
 "Do the Maneuver" – 2:04
 "Rats" – 1:43
 "My Mind is Broken" – 1:52
 "When I'm In a Car" – 1:14
 "Air Show / Can't Stop Eating Sugar" – 4:38
 "Gas Station Attendant" – 0:59

 Party Jail (May 20, 2014) (ICR-83)
 "Pantomime Jack" – 2:03
 "Pink Moons" – 2:08
 "Emperor's New Chair" – 1:27
 "Televan" – 1:25
 "Clock Weather" – 2:48
 "Radio Eyes" – 2:02
 "Cold Right Hand" – 2:13
 "No Fascination" – 1:23
 "Laughing" – 2:06
 "Signs" – 1:33
 "Desire Post" – 2:25
 "Pilot" – 1:49
 "Weekend Train" – 2:17

 Riddles (March 2, 2018)
 "Dunce" - 3:54
 "Seagull" - 5:18
 "Riddles" - 4:38
 "Dizzy Devil" - 5:12
 "Wave to the Water" - 2:24
 "Rust" - 2:27
 "Kid Radium" - 3:26
 "Humbucker Blues" - 2:32
 "Tom" - 4:04
 "Culebra" - 5:27

7"
 "Laughing" (July 29, 2014) (ICR-86)
 "Laughing" – 2:06
 "Bedouin Tramps" – 1:31

References

Externdemark licenses for the Carnation and Milkmaid brands.

In 2008, Carnation Farms became Camp Korey, part of the Hole in the Wall Camps founded by Paul Newman. Camp Korey is a medically supervised camp staffed with physicians and nurses, and trained camp counsellors for children living with serious and life-threatening illness. The camp provides a week-long experience of camp programs and activities for children ages 7–16 at no cost to them.  In 2016, Camp Korey moved from Carnation Farm to property purchased in Skagit County, and the Stuart family, who bought back the farm from Nestle, is at present developing new programs and activities for the farm.

Products
Carnation Evaporated Milk  introduced in 1899
Carnation Malted Milk  introduced in 1927
Carnation Instant Breakfast (Breakfast Essentials)  introduced in 1964

Carnation Café at Disneyland

The Carnation Café is now a fast casual restaurant in Disneyland and other Disney parks, originally "Carnation Ice Cream Parlor and Restaurant presented by Carnation" (original attraction from the park's opening in 1955).

In popular culture
For the scene in the 1975 film Jaws in which the character Ben Gardner's corpse pops out from his stationary boat, director Steven Spielberg re-shot the scene in the swimming pool of editor Verna Fields. Spielberg poured Carnation's powdered milk into the pool in order to simulate the murky waters of Martha's Vineyard where the scene was originally shot.

Elbridge Amos Stuart is immortalized in folk musician John Stewart by a black, oval carapace (to 130 cm) that is domed, higher in the centre than in the front, and broad anteriorly.

In 2015, the small, eastern Cerro Fatal population of the island was described as a distinct species, C. donfaustoi, most closely related to chathamensis (and forming a clade with it plus abingdoni and hoodensis), while the main southwestern porteri population was found to be closer to the Floreana and southern Isabela tortoises.

References

Chelonoidis
Taxa named by Walter Rothschild
Endemic reptiles of the Galápagos Islands
Reptiles described in 1903<EOD> Banian (, also Roman organized to coincide with the World Puppet Day by the Government body of the Sangeet Natak Akademi.
Jurist at the Prix Danube, Bratislava Slovak Republic– International Youth and Children'S Film Festival. September 2003 – she was a jurist at the International film Festival for Youth and Children in Bratislava the capital of the Slovak Republic. A seven-day event featuring 80 films from over 30 countries, however, production did not start until 1970. In 1985, the company launched the lemon flavour drink, and, in 1torch.Size([32, 2049])
nse it thought to be required for developing the early stage of the delayed reaction. T cells present in or recruited to the mosquito bite area appear responsible for mediating the full delayed reaction. The full delayed reaction is a type IV hypersensitivity reaction.

Diagnosis 
The diagnosis of ordinary mosquito reactions is made on the basis of the history and clinical features of an mosquito bites.

Prevention 
Reducing mosquito breeding areas (e.g. eliminating standing water pools, stocking ponds with fish that consume mosquito larva) and the use of other mosquito control methods such as insecticides, mosquito traps, protective clothing, bed nets, and repellants (e.g. DEET or permethrin) are effective, highly recommended means for reducing mosquito bites. Daily doses of a non-sedating second-generation anti-histamines (e.g. cetirizine or levocetirizine) can effectively reduce the immediate and delayed reactions to mosquito bites. The use of recombinant mosquito saliva proteins to desensitize individuals against developing reactions to mosquito bites has yielded variable results and requires further study.

Treatment 
Treatment of ordinary small or large mosquito bite reactions is limited to the use of non-sedative H1 antihistamines, e.g. cetirizine
or a drug with combined activity in inhibiting histamine and platelet-activating factor, e.g. rupatadine. Randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled studies are needed to determine if antileukotriene drugs or topical steroids have beneficial effects in reducing the symptoms of these bites.

Skeeter syndrome reactions

Presentation 
The Skeeter syndrome is by definition a mosquito bite allergy that consists of a large mosquito bite reaction that may be accompanied by a brief or longer-term (i.e. days to weeks) low-grade fever. and, on rare occasions, vomiting. The bite site shows an intense, large reaction often resembling a cellulitis infection that persists for days to weeks. The syndrome usually afflicts healthy children, immune-deficient persons, and individuals who are new to an area inhabited by mosquito species to which they have not been exposed.

Pathophysiology 
Mechanistically, the Skeeter syndrome appears to be a particularly intense variant of the ordinary mosquito bite reaction. It involves sequential Type I, III, and IV hypersensitivity reactions that are mediated by the IgE, IgG, and T cells that are directed against mosquito salivary proteins.

Prognosis 
Children afflicted with the syndrome remain healthy although subject to recurrent severe reactions to mosquito bites. The development of desensitization that follows repetitive mosquito bites and reduces the intensity or completely blocks reactions to mosquito bites may take longer to develop and/or be less effective in those with Skeeter syndrome compared to those with ordinary mosquito bite reactions.

Diagnosis 
The diagnosis of Skeeter syndrome is based mainly on the appropriate history of severe skin responses to mosquito bites that may be associated with fever. The diagnosis can be supported by the detection, using for example an ELISA assay), IgE directed against mosquito saliva proteins in the afflicted individuals serum. Direct mosquito bite testing is perhaps the best method for diagnosing mosquito bite allergy but difficulty in determining which mosquito species to use for the test, the possibly of transmitting a mosquito-borne disease, and the risk of triggering a very severe response make this test impractical for routine use.

Prevention and treatment 
The preventive measures listed for ordinary mosquito bite reactions are important for avoiding Skeeter syndrome reactions. In addition to second generation, non-sedative H1 antihistamines, antipyretics and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are typically used to treat patients with acute attacks of the syndrome.

Systemic allergic reactions

Presentation 
Individuals with systemic mosquito bite allergies respond to mosquito bites with intense local skin reactions (e.g. blisters, ulcers, necrosis, scarring) and concurrent or subsequent systemic symptoms (high-grade fever and/or malaise; less commonly, muscle cramps, bloody diarrhea, bloody urine, proteinuria, and/or wheezing; or very rarely, symptoms of overt anaphylaxis such as hives, angioedema (i.e. skin swelling in non-mosquito bite areas), shortness of breath, rapid heart rate, and low blood-pressure). There are very rare reports of death due to anaphylaxis following mosquito bites. Individual with an inctorch.Size([32, 2049])
statement that their intentions were to focus on the future of the network to be in animated and topical comedies, Toza's candidacy be rejected. Had it not been for him and his pistol, for his presence at the very entrance of that room, we would have seen the election carried by Mihai[l]-Voivode or by Beizadea Grigore!" The Nationals now had 32 deputies, while the Sturdzas, by then, had 16 each; the actual voting procedure, which took place at Grecianu, Cuza took an additional 16 votes from both his adversaries. Overall, Cuza's victory could happen "only because of the persistent conflicts between father and son", particularly since "the partisans of Beizadea Grigore were absolutely irreducible, no promise and no enticement could ever get them to vote for Mihai[l] Voivode." Cuza himself was guided by a sense of justice, and, against National Party deputies (including Epureanu), openly defended the Beizadeas right to take a seat in the Ad hoc Divan. 

At that final stage, Radu Rosetti reports, Mihail was conceding defeat and tried to transfer Grigore his votes. While he was simply defeated, Grigore found himself removed from the list of candidates, his status as an Ottoman serviceman being widely seen as incompatible with princely status. Debates continued over his eligibility as a Prince, prompting deputies to thoroughly review the conditions set in Paris. A majority of 35 deputies, including those loyal to his father, voted not to admit him into the race. Other delegates, in particular those of the clergy, abstained from voting once they realized the Beizadea could not win. The Beizadea himself absented from the vote which confirmed Cuza.

Polish plot and Central Commission
Immediately after the election, Sturdza Jr and Panu reemerged as Cuza supporters. The former raised the idea of a Cuza candidacy in Bucharest "before anything official had been stated on this issue". Both he and Panu wrote articles hinting that Cuza should invade Wallachia and seize the throne in Bucharest; Strudza's piece saw print in the National Party mouthpiece, Stéoa Dunărei. Cuza's subsequent election in Wallachia effectively federated the two countries, as the "United Principalities"; he was crowned Domnitor in both countries. "Muklis" went on public record with his praise of the union as "something worthy of Romania's most glorious times", asking that both Divans meet for a common session in Focșani. More secretly, he began to organize for resistance. The National Party's V. A. Urechia claimed that young Sturdza being furious of his father's interference, which had prevented him from swinging the "old boyar" vote. He reports that the former Pasha intended to use his Ottoman connections to prevent Cuza from ever gaining international recognition, and also that he was arming "vagabonds", ready to "storm into that Mr Cuza's palace". 

Various other sources suggest the existence of a Sturdzist plot against Cuza. Definitive information suggests that he could rely on some 1,200 Poles, answering to Nieczuia Wierzbicki, were gathered on Sturdza's estates, with 6,000 more expected to join in from Wallachia and elsewhere. The Russian consul in Moldavia, Sergei Popov, noted that some partisans of "Grigore Mukhlis" had already been found in Bucharest, where they worked to undermine the possibility of a double election. Sturdza's coded letter to Czajkowski suggests that he wanted to appoint himself Caimacam through bribery, for which he intended to open a credit line with Antoine Alléon's bank. A January 1859 report by British Consul-General Henry Adrian Churchill notes Sturdza's resentments, and also alleges that he was pondering an open rebellion. According to Churchill, the troops Sturdza had pledged for Cuza's seizure of Bucharest were in fact mutinous and self-interested; they would have included Poles who viewed the Principalities as a stepping stone toward recovering Congress Poland. Rumors of such intrigues resulted in a temporary clampdown on Polish revolutionary cells in Moldavia: 23 Poles were arrested and 11 convicted during a trial which saw Sturdza appearing as a witness. An English Masonic agent, William Solioms, was also detained in connection with this intrigue. 

The Moldavian press published reports according to which Wierzbicki was tasked with a sweeping social reform, as well as with the mass assassination of Moldavia's political elite, in order to set the stage for Sturdza as "prince of Romania". Sturdza himself rejected the rumor in an open letter carried by Stéoa Dunărei, but it was largely confirmed by Poles taken into custody. Scholar Juliusz Demel also reports that the plot was factual, since Czajkowski intended to carve Dobruja out of the Silistra Eyalet and set it up as a "good base of training Polish insurgents", with Ottoman acquiescence. This would have made the area "an uncomfortable neighbour for the Romanian statetorch.Size([32, 2049])
to avenge her death. Alain comes in to save Colin by distracting Roku long enough for Colin to escape before the house explodes.

After the explosion, Roku escapes from the rubble and realizes that her real enemy is Master Darque. Locating the tree encasing Master Darque's dark magic, she cuts it down with her Katana in order to free herself from his influence.

In other media

Web series
Roku appears in Ninjak vs. the Valiant Universe, portrayed by Chantelle Barry

References

Comics characters introduced in 2013
Valiant Comics characters
Valiant Comics superheroes
Valiant Comics supervillains<EOD> Frank Hearne (23 November 1858 – 14 July 1949) was an English born cricketer. One of the few men to play Test cricket for more than one country, he played for both England and South Africa. He was a member of the Hearne family of cricketers who played first-class cricket between 1879 and 1904 for Kent County Cricket Club and Western Province.

Early life
Hearne was born on 23 November 1858 in Ealing in what was then Middlesex. His father, George Hearne, had played for Middlesex and became the groundsman at Kent's point, his family lived along the Potomac River. He was one of five children born to Ada Lee Stump (1877–1922) and William McGary Boarman (1877–1959). The Boarmans, under patriarch Major William Boarman (1630–1709), were among the original families to settle in the Colony of Maryland. His great-grandfather Rear Admiral Charles Boarman (1795–1879) played a role in the succession of West Virginia and was later appointed to the U.S. Naval Board during the American Civil War. Two of Admiral Boarman's sons-in-law, however, served in the Confederate Army; according to Andy, a family story claimed that famed Confederate general Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson visited the Boarman farm near Little Georgetown during the war and "was treated to a glass of wine".

It was largely to his mother's family that Boarman attributed his early exposure to music. Ada Lee Stump played clawhammer-style five-string banjo, upright bass, piano and the organ in a family band with three of his uncles and two aunts. Boarman's brothers William and Tony played banjo and guitar respectively. Boarman's maternal uncle, Charles Cleveland "C.C." Stump, was a classical banjo player and from whom he learned to build banjos. He also credited his cousin Charles Boarman for introducing him to the autoharp, an instrument he would later become most associated with, as well as "a few pointers" from local Falling Waters musician Conley Hoover. Boarman claimed that Charles was one of the finest fiddlers in the country but was so shy that he would only play with his cousin.

Musical beginnings and early career
When his mother died in 1922, Boarman was sent to live with C.C. and Minnie Stump. He left his aunt and uncle's home at around age 16 and spent the next several years working in construction. In his late teens, Boarman was encouraged by his Aunt Minnie to enter a banjo contest in Blacksburg, Virginia. Boarman came in first place and won three hundred dollars, a small fortune at the time, which he gave to his aunt and un Challenge Cup section). In addition to the Inter-Provincial cricket the Afghanistan Cricket Board (ACB) has divided the provinces of Afghanistan in to 5 Cricket Regions to enable the better management of the game. The Regions are Amo in the north (centered on Balkh), Spin Ghar in the east (centered on Nangarhar), Band-e-Amir in the centre (centered on Kabul), Mis Ainak in the southeast (centered on Khost), and Boost in the west and southwest (centered on Kandahar). The 5 regions in turn have representative teams which play in all traditional 3 formats of cricket; the Ahmad Shah Abdali One-Day Tournament, Ahmad Shah Abdali T20 Tournament and Ahmad Shah Abdali Three-Day Tournament.

In addition to an expansion of the inter-provincial tournament from 25-over matches to 50-over matches and the addition of the T-20 and multi-day formats, cricket in Afghanistan has now expanded across the provinces as well; 32 of the 34 provinces now have representatives sides All provinces except Daykundi and Farah have a representative team, while the ACB recognizes Afghan Refugees and Kochain as provincial teams. There are also plans to expand the three-day league competition into a four-day league in 2014.

The UAE-based telecommunications company, Etisalat is now one of the main sponsors of Afghanistan's cricket, including being the then title sponsor in Afghanistan's division 2 inter-provincinal challenge cup and the Etisalat Sixes T20 Tournament. Which is now sponsored by Afghan company called "Alokozay" Shpageeza Cricket League.

Domestic teams

Regional domestic teams

 Region: Amo
Balkh Province
Faryab Province
Jowzjan Province
Samangan Province
Sar-e Pol Province
 Region: Band-e-Amir
Ghazni Province
Bamyan Province
Daykundi Province
torch.Size([32, 2049])
merican nonprofit executives
American women activists
Austin High School (Austin, Texas) alumni
Bush family
Children of presidents of the United States
Founders of charities
HIV/AIDS activists
LGBT rights activists from the United States
Living people
People from Dallas
People from Greenwich Village
Texas Independents
Twin people from the United States
Women founders
Women nonprofit executives
Yale University alumni
Activists from Texas
New York (state) Independents
Hockaday School alumni<EOD> Whitetop Mountain (conservation area) is a wildland in the George Washington and Jefferson National Forests of western Virginia that has been recognized by the Wilderness Society as a special place worthy of protection from logging and road construction.  The Wilderness Society has designated the area as a "Mountain Treasure".

The second highest mountain in the Mount Rogers National Recreation Area, Whitetop Mountain and  nearby Buzzard Knob are a commanding presence with a vertical elevation of 3500 feet and good views over the South Holston River at Damascus.

The area is part of the Mount Rogers Cluster.

Location and access
The area is located in the Appalachian Mountains of Southwestern Virginia about 2.4 miles southeast of Konnarock, Virginia between Va 603 on the north, and US 58 on the south and east, and Va 605.  It is next to the Lewis Fork Wilderness to the east.

The Appalachian Trail extends for 6.3 miles through the area, entering on the west from Lewis Fork Wilderness, climbing to  Buzzard Knob and  then leaving at Va 601, Beech Mountain Road, on the west.

Several roads provide access to the area. VA 600 (Whitetop Road) connects US 58 with VA 603 (Little Laurel Road) while passing through Elk Garden, the point where the Appalachian Trail crosses the road.  Forest  Road 89  begins on VA 600 and reaches the summit of Whitetop Mountain. Forest Roads 89A, 89B, and 89C are short spur roads off  FR 89 .

The boundary of the wildland as determined by the Wilderness Society is shown in the adjacent map.  Additional roads and trails are given on National Geographic Maps 786 (Mount Rogers). and Map 318 (Mount Rogers High Country)  A great variety of information, including topographic maps, aerial views, satellite data and weather information, is obtained by selecting the link with the wild land's coordinates  in the upper right of this page.

Beyond maintained trails, old logging roads can be used to explore the area.  The Appalachian Mountains were extensively timbered in the early twentieth century leaving logging roads that are  becoming overgrown but still passable. Old logging roads and railroad grades can be located by consulting the historical topographic maps available from the United States Geological Survey (USGS). The Whitetop Mountain wild area is covered by USGS topographic maps Konnarock, Whitetop Mountain and Park.

Natural history

Unusual species include the northern flying squirrel, northern saw-whet owl, purple finch, Swanson's thrush, magnolia warbler, red crossbill, winter wren, peregrine falcon, Blue Ridge St. John's wort, mountain rattlesnake root, mountain bittercress, Grays lilly, and three-toothed cinquefoil.  There is a salamander special management area on the north side of Whitetop Mountain with the greatest known diversity of salamanders for any area on earth of comparable size.  The pygmy salamander, shovelnose salamander and Weller's salamander are found here.

Several stands of old growth forest have been identified on the southern side of the area.  Frazer Fir and red spruce are found at the summit of Whitetop, while beech and  maple are dominant below 4700 feet.

Six streams in the area, Daves Branch, Big Branch, Pennington Branch, Helton Creek, Whitetop Creek, and  Sturgill Branch, are recognized for their water quality.  Wild natural trout streams in Virginia are classified by the Department of Game and Inland Fisheries by their water quality, with class i the highest and class iv the lowest.  These streams are class ii streams.

Topography
As part of the Southern Blue Ridge Mountains Subsection within the Central Appalachian Broadleaf Coniferous Forest-Meadow Province, there are tectonic uplifted mountain ranges composed of igneous and metamorphic rock with many high gradient, deeply incised streams.

Cranberry gneiss, a billion year old rock formation, is visible on the west of the summit below buzzard rock.  The area is divided into two parts by Whitetop Road.  The section to the east of Whitetop Rd, containing the drainage of Helton Creek, provides a wildlife link between the Lewis  Fork Wilderness and the Whitetop Mountain area to the torch.Size([32, 2049])
mifinals by eventual winner Jochen Bachfeld of East Germany. After the competition, he defected to Canada. 

Zilberman is Jewish.

Olympic results 
1968: Mexico City (as a welterweight)
Lost to Joseph Bessala (Cameroon) TKO 3 (quarterfinal match)

1972: Munich (as a welterweight)
 Round of 64: Lost to David Jackson (Uganda) by decision, 2–3

Montreal: 1976 (as a welterweight)
 Round of 64: bye
 Round of 32: Defeated Amon Kotey (Ghana) by walkover
 Round of 16: Defeated Colin Jones (Great Britain) by decision, 5–0
 Quarterfinal: Defeated Carlos Santos (Puerto Rico) by decision, 3–2
 Semifinal: Lost to Jochen Bachfeld (East Germany) by decision, 2-3 (won bronze medal)

References

 databaseOlympics

External links

1947 births
Sportspeople from Bucharest
Boxers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Living people
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Romania
Olympic bronze medalists for Romania
Romanian defectors
Romanian male boxers
Romanian emigrants to Canada
Welterweight boxers
Jewish Romanian sportspeople
Jewish boxers<EOD> The 2020–21 Colorado Avalanche season was the 26th operational season and 25th playing season since the franchise relocated from Quebec prior to the start of the 1995–96 NHL season. As well as the franchise's 42nd season in the National Hockey League and 49th season overall. The Avalanche  commemorated their 25th anniversary this season.

On December 20, 2020, the league temporarily realigned into four divisions with no conferences due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing closure of the Canada–United States border. As a result of this realignment, the Avalanche played this season in the West Division and only played against the other teams in their new division during the regular season and the first two rounds of the playoffs.

On April 22, the Avalanche clinched a playoff berth following a 4–2 win over the St. Louis Blues. They clinched their third Presidents' Trophy, as well as their tenth division championship, with a 5-1 victory over the Los Angeles Kings in their last game of the season on May 13. The Avalanche swept the St. Louis Blues in the First Round, with a 5–2 win in game four. In their Second Round series against the Vegas Golden Knights, the Avalanche initially led the series 2–0, but were later eliminated from the playoffs after they lost the next four games.

Standings

Divisional standings

Schedule and results

Regular season
The regular season schedule was published on December 23, 2020.

Playoffs

Player statistics
Final stats
Skaters

Goaltenders

†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining the Avalanche. Stats reflect time with the Avalanche only.
‡Denotes player was traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with the Avalanche only.
Bold/italics denotes franchise record.

Transactions 
The Avalanche have been involved in the following transactionco.

He spent most of his professional career with Sporting de Gijón, playing 267 matches across all competitions after signing in 2006.

Club career

Sporting Gijón
Lora was born in Móstoles, Community of Madrid. A Real Madrid trainee, he served as co-captain for the Juvenil team in the 2005–06 season alongside Javier Velayos, and played 33 games as the club won the Champions Cup of the category. He started his career as a midfielder.

The following summer, Lora moved to Sporting de Gijón. Mainly registered with their reserves, he played once with the main squad during the 2007–08 campaign (a 0–1 home loss against RC Celta de Vigo), as the Asturians eventually returned from the second division after ten years.

In 2009–10, due to longtime starter Rafel Sastre's age, Lora was successfully reconverted into right back. He ended up as the undisputed first choice in that position, playing nearly 2,800 minutes as Sporting avoided La Liga relegation as 15th. The following season, his individual numbers were even better – he was the player with more minutes in the squad, leading the following player by nearly 700 minutes – as the team's final position.

On 25 March 2012, the day of his 25th birthday, Lora scored his first goal as a professional, in the last-minute to earn his side a point against Athletic Bilbao, in a 1–1 away draw. He rarely missed a match from 2012 to 2016, with the latter campaign being spent in the top flight.

Lora announced his departure from Sporting Disposition of Executive Papers (Chairman: Ambrose J. Kennedy; Ranking Member: N/A)
 District of Columbia (Chairman: Mary Teresa Norton; Ranking Member: Gardner Withrow)
 Education (Chairman: Vincent L. Palmisano; Ranking Member: Albert E. Carter)
 Election of the President, Vice President and Representatives in Congress (Chairman: Thomas B. Fletcher; Ranking Member: Charles L. Gifford) 
 Elections No.#1 (Chairman: Cleveland Dear; Ranking Member: John B. Hollistertorch.Size([32, 2049])
son (Baroness), and Jordan Olds in his Gwarsenio Hall persona.

References 

Ozzy Osbourne songs
1982 singles
Songs written by Randy Rhoads
Songs written by Ozzy Osbourne
Songs written by Lee Kerslake
Songs written by Bob Daisley
Jet Records singles
1981 songs<EOD> HD 204313 is a star with two and possibly three exoplanetary companions in the southern constellation of Capricornus. With an 7.99, it is an eighth magnitude star that is too fanal is to provide a platform for allied health professionals to publish their research work. All materials, articles and information published in AJAHS will be peer-reviewed.

International students 
The University of Lahore has international students from different countries and has in recent years attracted students from Palestine, Sudan, Qatar, Yemen, Turkey, Nigeria, Syria, Somalia, Afghanistan, Nepal, Oman, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Jordan, UAE and Uganda among others. Foreign seats are available in degree programmes such as Medicine, Dentistry, Engineering and English language and Literature.

University Advisory Board and other facilities
The Advisory Board consists of scientists, engineers and academicians who monitor the institute's standards of education and research. There are also career counsellors available to guide students in their studies and career choices. The UOL also publishes work in several scholastic journals affiliated to  Higher Education Commission (HEC) Pakistan. There are also international linkages with other universities.

Accommodation 
Separate hostel accommodation is available for both male and female students at The University of Lahore (UoL). The Defence Road Campus of the University features in facility of two hostels for females: Razia Hall and Fatima Hall, for about 1000 students in it. In order to facilitate the students, the following facilities have been provided at both the boys and girls hostels: Mess, mosque, separate television room, telephone, newspapers, guest rooms, Common Room, computer room, electric water coolers, high-speed Internet and Wi-fi, hostel laundry and 24-hour security.

The Islamabad Sihala Campus also provide the hostel facility to both male and female student with Wi-fi, hostel laundry and 24-7 Security.

Campuses 

The University of Lahore has Seven campuses across Pakistan that contains areas of:
 The University of Lahore (Main Campus) [4 acres 7 Kanal]
 The University of Lahore (Defence Road Campus) [24 acres / 192 kanal]
 The University of Lahore (City Campus) [1 Acre]
 The University of Lahore (Islamabad Campus) 20 Acre
 The University of Lahore (Sargodha Campus) [4 Acre]
 The University of Lahore (pakpattan Campus)
 The University of Lahore 
(Gujrat Campus)
 The University of Lahore 
(Uganda Campus)

Centers
The University have six research centers:
 Center For Research In Molecular Medicine (CRIMM)
 Radiology Research Section (RRS)
 Agri-Bio Technology Park
 Diagnostic Laboratory and Research Centre
 Postgraduate Computing Research Lab.
 Lahore Incubation Center  (LIC)

OPAC-UOL Library

The University's library resources include Books, Journal's and E-books. The University of Lahore currently houses four well equipped libraries with cumulatively more than 31000+ Books catering to a wide range of subjects. The University also has access to 72 Mbit/s Pakistan Educational Research Network (PERN) facilities, E- Library, OPAC, Mini labs, HEC Digital library as well as International online Libraries and Journals. The University of Lahore has subscription of World Class Turnitin services for Plagiarism check.

Green UOL 
UOL is setting up Off the Grid (OTG) Solar power generation plants and Bio-gas plants, a step forward against energy crisis that will provide green energy. This will enable the University to continue to provide excellent educational and research services to the nation in optimal circumstances.

The University of Lahore (UOL) has been placed at No. 3 ranking in Pakistan and No. 240 ranking internationally in "UI Green Metric Ranking 2016" based on the evaluation of these six main categories Green Statistics, Energy and Climate Change, Waste management, Water usage, Transportation, and Education.

UOL Rankings 
 QS World University Rankings (#801)
 Asples. Upon requesting the new work, La Scala paired Donizetti with Felice Romani, the foremost librettist then working in Italy, but an individual who was notorious for failing to deliver his work on time. Such proved to be the case once again; he promised a libretto in seven weeks, but three weeks before the premiere had failart. A muffed start left Gurney deep in the field at the end of the first lap. Throughout the race, Gurney's Weslake V-12 suffered a high-speed misfire, but he was able to continue racing. Jim Clark encountered problems on Lap 12 that dropped him down to torch.Size([32, 2049])
TVLine Michael Slezak said that the episode was good "at least whenever Ricky Martin appeared on screen". VanDerWerff called him "fun and infectious", and Kate Stanhope of TV Guide said he "showed himself to be a guest star with mucho potential". Kubicek, though he said Martin was "great at singing", found him "kind of dull as an actor", and Canning said Martin "felt out of place" in the episode.

Although Canning wrote that "the writers did a fine job of incorporating the tenure, Will's terrible Spanish and the songs into the storylines", Will's lack of Spanish skills was questioned by other reviewers. Entertainment Weekly Joseph Brannigan Lynch said this did not "seem to gel with the passionate Will Schuester I remember from season 1", and Slezak expressed surprise that "he hadn't even mastered the basics of the language!", as did Chaney. Slezak also said Will, as evidenced by his "La Cucaracha" rendition for his class, was "suddenly dumb as the cardboard box that Finn winningly turned into a robot head", and Chaney commented, "Mr. Schuester always seemed a bit more sensitive than this." VanDerWerff wrote of "the weird, dark despair at the heart of Will's plight: He's a high school Spanish teacher, and he mostly is that because he doesn't know what else to do." He added, "I think this was probably the best episode for the character since early season one." Canning stated that "the tension between Will and Emma was a welcome change", and Votta commented on the episode's less dramatic ending with Will's apology and "celebrating Emma's new-found tenure with a dinner" with the conclusion, "sometimes you don't need a big bang to get oomph out of an episode". Chaney, however, was puzzled as to why Emma was given teaching tenure "when she's been working at McKinley as a guidance counselor and handing out absolutely horrifying self-made pamphlets".

The scene between Sue and Roz was singled out by many reviewers. Bell wrote that she was "really loving the feisty dynamic" between them, and that it was "about time that Sue had a proper sparring partner". Flandez called Roz "the delightfully colorful synchronized swimming teacher", and said her "scathing remarks were expertly delivered" and that there were "too many good lines to savor". Futterman said Roz reminded her of "what an entertaining spitfire Sue was during season one", and that Sue is "a shadow of [her] former self" as evidenced by the fact that Roz has not been a victim of Sue's "evil planning". Lynch described the encounter as "one of the episode highlights", though he felt that "the writers overdid it a touch" when Sue "barely got in any retorts" against Roz. Reiter called Roz "a great addition to the cast of characters" and Leakes "spot-on" in the role, also hearkening back to the early Sue. Kubicek said he "might like this subplot" if Leakes did not mistake "shouting for acting", and Slezak commented on Roz's "particularly abhorrent assessment of Sue’s reproductive abilities". Votta, however, declared that the show "should never let NeNe go", and said she "delivers some of the best lines ever". Chaney and Slezak thought that Sue should have been fired immediately for requesting sperm donations from New Directions males, while Lynch merely deemed it a possible detriment to her tenure bid. Kubicek thought the pregnancy storyline should move forward "because Sue becoming a mommy has comedic potential written all over it".

A "highlight" for Lynch was the scene where Kurt, Mercedes and Rachel were watching Twilight together, not only because the "friendship between Kurt and Mercedes" has been "sadly downplayed", but because it was "nice to see the Glee kids just being kids sometimes". The subsequent conversation between Kurt and Finn in the locker room was described by Canning as "one of the truest moments of the season so far". Votta wrote, "Chris Colfer and Cory Monteith often shine together in scenes, especially one-on-one, and this is no exception." Another duo that reviewers complimented was Mercedes and Sam. Futterman, while she criticized the episode for setting "its scope too wide", credited their storyline as the "only one played out strongly enough through dialogue and song". Votta stated that "Glee is getting more romantic tension mileage out of this duo than you can shake a stick at, and it's delicious, especially with Valentine's around the corner", and Canning noted that their week-long verbal silence "helped build their relationship into something we care more about". Chaney, however, could not see the sense in Mercedes bringing Sam with her "to see Miss Pillsbury to sort out her conflicted feelings for Sam and Shane".

Music and performances
The musical performances received a mixed response from reviewers. Vottatorch.Size([32, 2049])
. For example, a menu that was drawn in response to a mouse-over event may remain on-screen for a brief moment after the mouse has moved out of the trigger region and the menu region. This allows the user to move the mouse directly to an item on the menu, even if part of that direct mouse path is outside of both the trigger region and the menu region. For instance, right-clicking on the desktop in most Windows interfaces will create a menu that exhibits this behavior.

Aerodynamics

In aerodynamics, hysteresis can be observed when decreasing the angle of attack of a wing after stall, regarding the lift and drag coefficients. The angle of attack at which the flow on top of the wing reattaches is generally lower than the angle of attack at which the flow separates during the increase of the angle of attack.

Backlash

Moving parts within machines, such as the components of a gear train, normally have a small gap between them, to allow  movement and lubrication. As a consequence of this gap, any reversal in direction of a drive part will not be passed on immediately to the driven part. This unwanted delay is normally kept as small as practicable, and is usually called backlash. The amount of backlash will increase with time as the moving parts wear away.

In mechanics

Elastic hysteresis

In the elastic hysteresis of rubber, the area in the centre of a hysteresis loop is the energy dissipated due to material internal friction.

Elas were signed to Word Records by Brent Bourgeois with whom she released her 2001 self-titled debut album, co-produced by her uncle, producer David Rice.

The Best Thing
Paige left Word in 2003 and moved to Los Angeles, California where she worked with producers Alain Johannes and Natasha Shneider on the songs Open Your Eyes and Love Is.  Rice produced and co-wrote See You Again and The Best Thing, which were used in the 2003 film Matchstick Men. Following her return to Texas and enrolment in Marketing at University of St. Thomas, Paige released these and other songs as her second album The Best Thing on her own record label, Greeley Records.

Upside Down
During her 2008 summer break, Paige recorded her third album and first entirely acoustic project, Upside Down, in her apartment kitchen. She is now pursuing employment in copywriting.

Critical reception
Paige's music has been commended for "thoughtfulness" and "maturity".

Discography

Word records
 Paige (2001)

Greeley records
The Best Thing (2006)
Upside Down (2008)
One Good Day (2011)

Awards
"I'm All Yours", written by Paige Lewis, Rachael Lampa, Natalie LaRue and Philip LaRue was recognised by the 2003 ASCAP Christian Music Awards as one of the 25 Most Performed Songs of the year.

References

External links
 Official site

American women singers
Christian music songwriters
Li eventually promoted to be Gongwei Cheng (宮闈丞), a highly ranked eunuch.

During the subsequent return to the throne by Emperor Zhongzong, Gao Lishi cultivated a friendship with Emperor Zhongzong's nephew Li Longji the Prince of Linzi, the son of Li Dan the Prince of Xiang (Emperor Zhongzong's brother and former emperor).  In 705, after Emperor Zhongzong's sudden death, Li Longji and Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping overthrew Emperor Zhongzong's powerful wife Empress Wei and returned Li Dan to the throne.  Li Longji was created crown prince, and he retained Gao on his staff.

During Emperor Xuanzong's reign 
In 712, Emperor Ruizong passed the throne to Li Longji, who took the throne as Emperor Xuanzong.  However, Emperor Ruizong retained most of the imperial authority as Taishang Huang (retired emperor), and Princess Taiping, through him, continu Households Use Antennas" , '"TVTechnology, 30 July 2013</ref> A slight increase in use began around 2010 due to a switchover to digital terrestrial television broadcasts, which offer pristine image quality over very large areas, and offered an alternate to CATV for cord cutters.

Cable television
 

Cable television is a system of broadcasting television programming to paying subscribers via radio frequency (RF) signals transmitted through coaxial cables or light pulses through fiber-optic cables. This contrasts with traditional terrestrial television, in which the television signal is transmitted over the air by radio waves and received by a television antenna attached to the television. FM radio programming, high-speed Internet, telephone service, and similar non-television services may also be provided through these cables.

The abbreviation CATV is often used for cable television. It originally stood for "community access television" or "community antenna television", from cable television's origins in 1948: in areas where over-the-air reception was limited by distance from transmitters or mountainous terrain, large "community antennasys and Means Chairman Dan Rostenkowtorch.Size([32, 2049])

Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United Kingdom
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Germany<EOD> Evan Whildin was an American businessman in the firearms industry; a former Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms agent; and a firearms cartridge designer. He was vice president and general manager of Philadelphia's Action Arms firearms company, and while working for them developed the .50 AE cartridge (famous in the Desert Eagle pistol) in 1988, and the 9mm AE (1988) and .41 AE (1986) cartridges.

References

Firearm designers<EOD> White Mamba is the nickname of:
 Adam Morrison (born 1984), American basketball player
 Brian Scalabrine (born 1978), American basketball player
 Eli, nicknamed White Mamba, a fictional character from the video game Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
Diana Taurasi (born 1982), American basketball player

See also 
 Mamba (disambiguation)<EOD> Chợ Lớn may refer to several locations in South Vietnam:

 Chợ Lớn, Ho Chi Minh City
 Chợ Lớn Province<EOD> Solomon Hill (August 30, 1756 – August 30, 1807) was a farmer and political figure in Upper Canada. He represented West York, 1st Lincoln & Haldimand in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada from 1804 to 1807.

He was born in Red Mills, Dutchess County, New York, the son of William Hill and Bethia Smith, and received a land grant in Grimsby Township in Upper Canada. Hill served in the Loyal American Regiment during the American Revolution. He married Bethiah Griffin. Hill died in office in Smithville, Grimsby Township at the age of 51.

References

Further reading 

1756 births
1807 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada
People from Grimsby, Ontario
People from Claverack, New York<EOD> The A-B Helicopters A/W 95 is an American helicopter, produced by A-B Helicopters in the form of plans for amateur construction.

By 2012 the A-B Helicopters website had been taken down and plans are no longer available.

The design was developed into the Vortech A/W 95 and plans for that version remain available from Vortech.

Design and development
The A/W 95 is a development of the Adams-Wilson Choppy, which the A/W designation acknowledges. The A/W 95 was designed to comply with the US Experimental Amateur-built rules, since the empty weight is too heavy for the FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles rules, which stipulates a maximum empty weight of . The aircraft has a standard empty weight of . It features a single main rotor, a single-seat open cockpit without a windshield, skid landing gear and a twin cylinder, air-cooled, two-stroke, dual-ignition  Rotax 503 engine.

The aircraft fuselage is an open frame made from bolted-together and gusseted aluminum tubing. Its  diameter two-bladed extruded aluminum rotor has a chord of  and employs a symmetrical airfoil. The transmission is constructed from a belt and chain mechanism. With its standard empty weight of  and a gross weight of , the useful load is . Fuel tank capacity is , rendering a full-fuel payload of .

While the A/W 95 is primarily plans-built, during the time that A-B Helicopters was in business some pre-fabricated parts were available.

Operational history
By January 2013 two examples had been registered in the United States with the Federal Aviation Administration.

Specifications (A/W 95)

See also
Showers Skytwister Choppy
Vortech A/W 95

References

External links
Photo of an A/W 95 in flight

1990s United States sport aircraft
1990s United States helicopters
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined piston helicopters
AW95<EOD> Johann Froben, in Latin: Johannes Frobenius (and combinations), (c. 1460 – 27 October 1527) was a famous printer, publisher and learned Renaissance hu to as the Gauteng City Region, contains the major urban populations of Johannesburg (7,860,781 ), Pretoria (1,763,336), Vereeniging (377,922), Evaton John's Cathedral (Chiayi)
St. John's Cathedral (Taipei)

Turkey
St. John's Cathedral (Izmir)

United Kingdom
St John's Cathedral, Oban, Scotland  
Cathedral of St John the Evangelist, Portsmouth

United States
(by state then city)
St. John's Cathedral (Los Angeles), California
St. John Cathedral (Fresno, California)
Cathedral Church of St. John (Wilmington, Delaware)
St. John's Cathedral (Jacksonville), Florida
Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist (Boise, Idaho), listed on the NRHP
St. John's Cathedral (Lafayette, Louisiana), listed on the NRHP
Cathedral of St. John the Divine, New York City
Cathedral Church of St.torch.Size([32, 2049])
fficult to see on traditional pie charts, can be easily depicted.

Example

The following example chart is based on preliminary results of the election for the European Parliament in 2004. The table lists the number of seats allocated to each party group, along with the derived percentage of the total that they each make up. The values in the last column, the derived central angle of each sector, Is found by multiplying the percentage by 360°.

*Because of rounding, these totals do not add up to 100 and 360.

The size of each central angle is proportional to the size of the corresponding quantity, here the number of seats. Since the sum of the central angles has to be 360°, the central angle for a quantity that is a fraction Q of the total is 360Q degrees.
In the example, the central angle for the largest group (European People's Party (EPP)) is 135.7° because 0.377 times 360, rounded to one decimal place, equals 135.7.

Use and effectiveness

A flaw exhibited by pie charts is that they cannot show more than a few values without separating the visual encoding (the “slices”) from the data they represent (typically percentages). When slices become too small, pie charts have to rely on colors, textures or arrows so the reader can understand them. This makes them unsuitable for use with larger amounts of data. Pie charts also take up a larger amount of space on the page compared to the more flexible bar charts, which do not need to have separate legends, and can display other values such as averages or targets at the same time.

Statisticians generally regard pie charts as a poor method of displaying information, and they are uncommon in scientific literature. One reason is that it is more difficult for comparisons to be made between the size of items in a chart when area is used instead of length and when different items are shown as different shapes.

Further, in research performed at AT&T Bell Laboratories, it was shown that comparison by angle was less accurate than comparison by length. Most subjects have difficulty ordering the slices in the pie chart by size; when an equivalent bar chart is used the comparison is much easier. Similarly, comparisons between data sets are easier using the bar chart. However, if the goal is to compare a given category (a slice of the pie) with the total (the whole pie) in a single chart and the multiple is close to 25 or 50 percent, then a pie chart can often be more effective than a bar graph.

In a pie chart with many section, several values may be represented with the same or similar colors, making interpretation difficult.

Several studies presented at the European Visualization Conference analyzed the relative accuracy of several pie chart formats, reaching the conclusion that pie charts and doughnut charts produce similar error levels when reading them, and square pie charts provide the most accurate reading.

References

Further reading 
 
 Friendly, Michael. "The Golden Age of Statistical Graphics," Statistical Science, Volume 23, Number 4 (2008), 502-535 
 Good, Phillip I. and Hardin, James W. Common Errors in Statistics (and How to Avoid Them). Wiley. 2003. .
 Guerry, A.-M. (1829). Tableau des variations météorologique comparées aux phénomènes physiologiques, d'aprés les observations faites à l'obervatoire royal, et les recherches statistique les plus récentes. Annales d'Hygiène Publique et de Médecine Légale, 1 :228-.
 
 Lima, Manuel. "Why humans love pie charts: an historical and evolutionary perspective," Noteworthy, July 23, 2018 
 Palsky Gilles. Des chiffres et des cartes: la cartographie quantitative au XIXè siècle. Paris: Comité des travaux historiques et scientifiques, 1996. .
 Playfair, William, Commercial and Political Atlas and Statistical Breviary, Cambridge University Press (2005) .
 Spence, Ian. No Humble Pie: The Origins and Usage of a statistical Chart. Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics. Winter 2005, 30 (4), 353–368.
 Tufte, Edward. The Visual Display of Quantitative Information. Graphics Press, 2001. .
 Van Belle, Gerald. Statistical Rules of Thumb. Wiley, 2002. .
 Wilkinson, Leland. The Grammar of Graphics, 2nd edition. Springer, 2005. .

External links 

Statistical charts and diagrams<EOD> Five Islands Village is a village located on the northwest coast of Antigua, within Saint John Parish in Antigua and Barbuda.

Geography
The village is on a peninsula, and was named for the five rock islands adjacent in Five Island Harbour. It is about  southwest of the nation above a lust solo in the bidding; if more than one player wants to playtorch.Size([32, 2049])
, the Caucasus, or Kaukasos, was one of the pillars supporting the world. After presenting man with the gift of fire, Prometheus (or Amirani in the Georgian version) was chained there by Zeus, to have his liver eaten daily by an eagle as punishment for defying Zeus' wish to keep the "secret of fire" from humans.

In Persian mythology, the Caucasus might be associated with the mythic Mount Qaf which is believed to surround the known world. It is the battlefield of Saoshyant and the nest of the Simurgh.

The Roman poet Ovid placed the Caucasus in Scythia and depicted it as a cold and stony mountain which was the abode of personified hunger. The Greek hero Jason sailed to the west coast of the Caucasus in pursuit of the Golden Fleece, and there met Medea, a daughter of King Aeëtes of Colchis.

Folklore
The Caucasus has a rich folklore tradition. This tradition has been preserved orally—necessitated by the fact that for most of the languages involved there was no alphabet until the early twentieth century—and only began to be written down in the late nineteenth century. One important tradition is that of the Nart sagas, which tell stories of a race of ancient heroes called the Narts. These sagas include such figures as Satanaya, the mother of the Narts, Sosruquo a shape changer and trickster, Tlepsh a blacksmith god, and Batradz, a mighty hero. The folklore of the Caucasus shows ancient Iranian Zoroastrian influence, involve battles with ancient Goths, Huns and Khazars, and contain many connections with ancient Indian, Norse Scandinavian, and Greek cultures.

Links with Greek mythology
Caucasian folklore contains many links with the myths of the ancient Greeks. There are resemblances between the mother goddess Satanaya and the Greek goddess of love Aphrodite. The story of how the trickster Nart Sosruquo, became invulnerable parallels that of the Greek hero Achilles. The ancient Greek Amazons may be connected to a Caucasian "warrior Forest-Mother, Amaz-an".

Caucasian legends include stories involving giants similar to Homer's Polyphemus story. In these stories, the giant is almost always a shepherd, and he is variously a one-eyed rock-throwing cannibal, who lives in a cave (the exit of which is often blocked by a stone), kills the hero's companions, is blinded by a hot stake, and whose flock of animals is stolen by the hero and his men, all motifs which (along with still others) are also found in the Polyphemus story. In one example from Georgia, two brothers, who are being held prisoner by a giant one-eyed shepherd called "One-eye", take a spit, heat it up, stab it into the giant's eye, and escape.

There are also links with the ancient Greek myth of Prometheus. Many legends, widespread in the Caucasus, contain motifs shared with the Prometheus story. These motifs include: a giant hero, his conflict with God or gods, the stealing of fire and giving it to men, being chained, and being tormented by a bird who pecks at his liver (or heart). The Adyge/Circassian Nart Nasran, the Georgian Amirani, the Chechen Pkharmat, and the Abkhazian Abrskil, are examples of such Prometheus-like figures.

Ecology

The Caucasus is an area of great ecological importance. The region is included in the list of 34 world biodiversity hotspots. It harbors some 6400 species of higher plants, 1600 of which are endemic to the region. Its wildlife includes Persian leopards, brown bears, wolves, bison, marals, golden eagles and hooded crows. Among invertebrates, some 1000 spider species are recorded in the Caucasus. Most of arthropod biodiversity is concentrated on Great and Lesser Caucasus ranges.

The region has a high level of endemism and a number of relict animals and plants, the fact reflecting presence of refugial forests, which survived the Ice Age in the Caucasus Mountains. The Caucasus forest refugium is the largest throughout the Western Asian (near Eastern) region. The area has multiple representatives of disjunct relict groups of plants with the closest relatives in Eastern Asia, southern Europe, and even North America. Over 70 species of forest snails of the region are endemic. Some relict species of vertebrates are Caucasian parsley frog, Caucasian salamander, Robert's snow vole, and Caucasian grouse, and there are almost entirely endemic groups of animals such as lizards of genus Darevskia. In general, species composition of this refugium is quite distinct and differs from that of the other Western Eurasian refugia.

The natural landscape is one of mixed forest, with substantial areas of rocky ground above the treeline. The Caucasus Mountains are also noted for a dog breed, the Caucasian Shepherd Dog (Rus. Kavkazskaya Ovcharka, Geo. Nagazi). Vincent Evans noted that minke whales have been recorded from the Black Sea.

Enertorch.Size([32, 2049])
1981. She now lives in New Jersey, where she coaches tennis.

See also
List of Hungary Fed Cup team representatives

References

External links
 
 
 

1953 births
Living people
Hungarian female tennis players
Tennis players from Budapest
Hungarian emigrants to the United States<EOD> {{Album ratings
|rev1 = BlogCritics
|rev1score = (favourable)
|rev2 = Melodic.net
|rev2score = 
|rev3 = allmusic.com
|rev3score = <ref name="allmusic">{{cite web|url=http://www.allmusic.com/album/weve-all-been-there-r1815571|title=We've All Been There': Alex Band |publisher=Allmusic|author= Ruhlmann, William }}</ref> }}We've All Been There is the debut solo album by American singer-songwriter Alex Band, best known for being the former lead vocalist and songwriter of rock band The Calling. The album was released on June 29, 2010 through Band's own label, AMB Records, in a distribution deal with EMI Records.

The album was delayed numerous times since recording was originally completed back in 2007. Band had initially signed a deal with Geffen Records, but later ventured onto his own label after eventually buying back the rights to the master tapes after Geffen had gone through major restructuring.

Lead single "Tonight", was released along with a music video on February 15, 2010.

Background
After The Calling had released their second album II (2004), bandmate Aaron Kamin had amicably decided to work on separate projects with Band being left to do "pretty much everything on my own". This caused Band to put The Calling on hiatus and venture into a solo career. Soon afterward, the vocalist had signed a deal with Geffen Records to record a solo album.

Recording took place over a two-year period, eventually encompassing five co-producers, primarily including John Fields (Switchfoot), Daniel Damico and engineer Tal Herzberg, with Chuck Reed and Matt Serletic also working on tracks. Several session musicians were brought in to play on the record alongside Band, who himself contributed guitar and bass. Musicians such as Abe Laboriel Jr. (drums), Jamie Muhoberac (keyboards) and Tim Pierce (guitar) were also drafted in. Paul Buckmaster (Elton John) contributed string arrangements to several tracks, while Chris Lord-Alge mixed the album, having previously done so with The Calling.

Later in 2007, Geffen went through major restructuring, this coupled with the death of Bandeed. Normally, freight wagons are attached to passenger trains.
 
Passenger traffic has amounted to around 400,000 trips per year in recent years. The Arosa Railway carries more than 50,000 tonnes of freight a year—mainly in the form of wood, gravel, sand and cement.

History

Projects and preparatory work 
The first proposals for a railway from Churcacy needs of asthma patients, and build a network of patient volunteers dedicated to improving asthma care and education.

Other Programs 

Asthma Canada believes that all Canadians living with asthma should have equitable and timely access to prescription medications based on the best possible health outcomes rather than ability to pay. Asthma Canada spearheaded a letter writing campaign to the Canadian government to advocate for equitable access to prescription medicationingdom to Japan

See also 

 List of ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Japan
 History of Japanese foreign relations
 Ian Nish, hisirent que ces cloches gardent la memoire de leur fils bienaime, Thomas Arthur Bell, qui est mort a Digbys, pres de la Ville d'Exeter Ie7Avril 1889,age de 36 ans.

Note          Date cwts. qtrs. Ibs 
Tenor B flat  1891 6     2     23 
5th C         1891 5     1     19 
4thD          1891 4     2     17 
3rd E flat    1891 3     3     12 
2ndF          1891 3     2     12 
Treble G      1891 3     2     13

The six new bells, the largest weighing 63 were made including the insertion of a happy ending.

Despite the central message of the book, the British audience reacted with an upsurge of anti-German sentiment. Incensed by this, Caine wrote to The Sunday Times objecting to the "monstrous" and "malicious" misrepresentation by "certain sections of the press", which described the plot as "pro-German".

Quotations
 "if you and I had met in the trenches I suppose you would have tried to kill me for the sake of Motherland, and I should have tried to kill you for the sake of Fatherland, yet here you are trying to save me for the sake of... Brotherland."
 "People thought when the peace came they could go to sleep and forget. What fools! Think of it! Mitorch.Size([32, 2049])
over Clapton and Mann, GRA's longest serving trainer had earned a full trainers licence back in 1930 at Hall Green. Gloucester stadium trainer Leslie Carpenter died aged 79, he had trained for over 40 years.

Jack Tetlow, the Wembley Racing Manager also retired after 40 year's service and Leicester Racing Manager George McKay died after a life in greyhound racing. Bob Rowe became the White City Racing Manager taking over from Charlie Birch.

Trainers Stan Gudgin and Ron Jeffrey moved to Slough and Portsmouth respectively following the closure of Reading. The NGRC announced plans to revamp licences, the current licences were private racecourse or dispersed full licence, owner trainer licence and C-licence, this was done in the hope that many of the 62 independent tracks would join the NGRC banner and 46 NGRC tracks at the time.

The last McWhirter drag hare in use (at Oxford) was switched to an Outside Sumner, and a new world and national record for 525 yards was set at Brighton by Easy Investment who recorded 28.17. The end of year annual Duke of Edinburgh Cup was won by Wembley after a final victory of 64 to 56 over Hall Green and White City was used for a film called Steptoe and Son Ride Again.

Ireland
The government legalised tote betting in Northern Ireland, a decision that came 45 years too late for Celtic Park (Belfast) who had started racing in 1927. The Irish Greyhound Derby sponsors PJ Carroll Ltd offered a single race prize of £1,200 for Dundalk International and doubled the Derby winner's prize to £10,000, which was won by Bashful Man.

Larry Kelly's Romping To Work was voted Irish Greyhound of the Year after winning both the Oaks and St Leger.

Competitions
Patricias Hope stole all of the headlines but St Leger champion Ramdeen Stuart started his 1973 campaign by winning the Gold Collar at Catford Stadi The Realities of the Christian Religion
 The Christ of Faith and the Jesus of History
 What Shall the Systematic Theologian Expect from the New Testament Scholar?
 Christianity and the Spirit of Democracy
 Democracy and Religious Experience
 Christianity and Political Democracy
 Making Christianity Safe for Democracy
 The Task of the Church in a Democratic Age
 Religious Signom dispute over finances and managerial structure that followed closely on the back of the previous week's resignation of the club's managing director.  The initial cause of this dispute had occurred back in January concerning the protracted transfer saga of Robbie Fowler (which Bernstein had originally brokered).
He was succeeded as club chairman by former deputy chairman John Wardprincipal city of Susa with the west Anatolian city of Sardis. 

Anatolia played a pivotal role in Achaemenid history. In the earliest 5th century BC, some of the Ionian cities under Persian rule revolted, which culminated into the Ionian Revolt. This revolt, after being easily suppressed by the Persian authority, laid the direct uplead for the Greco-Persian Wars, which turned out to be one of the most crucial wars in European history.

Achaemenid Persian rule in Anatolia ended with the conquests of Alexander the Great, defeating Darius III between 334 and 330 BCE. Alexander wrested control of the whole region from Persia in successive battles. After Alexander's death, his conquests were split amongst several of his trusted generals, but were under constant threat of invasion from both the Gauls and other powerful rulers in Pergamon, Pontus, and Egypt. The Seleucid Empire, the largest of Alexander's territories, and which included Anatolia, became involved in a disastrous war with Rome culminating in the battles of Thermopylae and Magnesia. The resulting  Treaty of Apamea in (188 BC) saw the Seleucids retreat from Anatolia. The Kingdom of Pergamum and the Republic of Rhodes, Rome's allies in the war, were granted the former Seleucid lands in Anatolia.

Roman control of Anatolia was strengthened by a 'hands off' approach by Rome, allowing local control to govern effectively and providing military protection. In the early 4th century, Constantine the Great established a new administrative centre at Constantinople, and by the end of the 4th century the Roman empire split into two parts, the Eastern part (Romania) with Constantinople as its capital, referred to by historians as the Byzantine Empire from the original name, Byzantium.

Thrace

The Thracians (, ) were a group of Indo-European tribes inhabiting a large area in Central and Southeastern Europe. They were bordered by the Scythians to the north, the Celts and the Illyrians to the west, the Ancient Greeks to the south and the Black Sea to the east. They spoke the Thracian language – a scarcely attested branch of the Indo-European language family. The study of Thracians and Thracian culture is known as Thracology.

Starting around 1200 BC, the western coast of Anatolia was heavily settled by Aeolian and Ionian Greeks. Numerous important cities were founded by these colonists, such as Miletus, Ephesus, Smyrna and Byzantium, the latter founded by Greek colonists from Megara in 657 BC. All oftorch.Size([32, 2049])
housed the BCCI headquarters and the 1983 Cricket World Cup trophy until 2006 when both were moved to the newly built Cricket Centre at the nearby Wankhede Stadium. The CCI has played host to BCCI AGMs as well as ICC meetings.

The ground has staged one under–19 Test match in 1992 when India played New Zealand as well as one Women's cricket One Day International match, again between India and New Zealand in 2003. In 1995, it was the venue for the Masters cup tournament played by veteran cricketers representing India, Sri Lanka, Australia, West Indies, South Africa, and England. Although the ground has not hosted a World Cup match, it has been used as a practice venue during the 2011 Cricket World Cup.

In December 2012 it was announced that Brabourne would be one of the five venues which will host 2013 Women's Cricket World Cup matches. The final of the tournament was held on 17 February 2013 at Brabourne Stadium where Australia beat West Indies.

Concerts and events

In 1946, the leader of the Ismaili Muslims, Aga Khan, was weighed in diamonds at the ground, the diamonds were then were donated to charity. Jawaharlal Nehru, then Prime Minister of India, addressed a packed Brabourne Stadium during a NUS convention in 1950. Nikita Khrushchev, then chief of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, delivered a speech to a crowd of approximately 75,000 to 100,000 people at the ground in 1955. In November 1971 a concert was organised at the stadium by the Bangladesh Aid Committee in support of the Bangladesh Liberation War. The Indian National Congress celebrated its centenary at the ground in 1985. During this event, MF Husain was commissioned by the Congress to create 22 paintings within five days at Brabourne. A performance by 700 dancers and thousands of musicians took place at Brabourne in the presence of Pope John Paul II in 1986. The performance interpreted religious themes through Indian dance.

Brabourne was the venue of the second Filmfare Awards ceremony in 1955. The 26th International Film Festival of India was held at the Brabourne in 1995. The ground has played host to a few Music bands. In 1994, Bryan Adams performed at the Brabourne, which was his first concert in India. The Zubin Mehta–led Israel Philharmonic orchestra performed four concerts at Brabourne in 1994, each with a capacity crowd of 15,000. The Rolling Stones performed at the ground during their Licks Tour on 7 April 2003 to a sold-out crowd of 25,000 people. Plácido Domingo performed at the Brabourne in 2008 as part of a concert. Some Indian artists, such as Jagjit Singh and Lata Mangeshkar, have also performed at the ground. Awwal Number, a Bollywood movie starring Aamir Khan and directed by Dev Anand, was shot at the ground in the late 1980s.

Other sports

The ground hosted its first international tennis fixture in 1963, a Davis Cup tie where India lost to the United States. Brabourne next hosted a Davis Cup match 43 years laterArabic, Amharic, Turkish and Greek) and the different transcriptions into the Latin alphabet. In European languages, the kuruş was known as the piastre.

Today the kuruş (.) is a Turkish currency subunit, with one Turkish lira equal to 100 kuruş as of the 2005 revaluation of the lira. Until the 1844 subdivision of the former Ottoman gold lira, the kuruş was the standard unit of currency within the Ottoman Empire, and was subdivided into 40 para or 120 akçe.

Name
The Turkish word kuruş (, kurûş); , ; plural , ) is derived from the French gros ("heavy"). It is cognate with the German groschen and Hungarian garas.

History 
The kuruş was introduced in 1688. It was initially a large silver piece (similar to the European thalers issued by the Ottomans), approximately equal to the French écu, or, from other sources, to the Spanish dollar. It was worth 40 para. In 1844, following sustained debasement, the gold lira was introduced, worth 100 qirsh. During the late 18th to early 19th centuries it was further reduced to a billon coin weighing less than 3 grams.

As the Ottoman Empire broke up, several successor states retained the qirsh as a denomination. These included Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Lebanon and Turkey itself. Others, including Jordan and Sudan, adopted the qirsh as a denomination when they established their own currencies.

At the beginning of the 19th century, silver coins were in circulation for 1 akçe, 1, 5, 10 and 20 para, 1, 2 and  kuruş, together with gold coins denominated in zeri mahbub and altin. As the silver coins were debased, other denominations appeared: 30 para, , 3, 5 and 6 kuruş. The final coinage issued before the currency reform consisted of billon 1, 10 and 20 para, and silver , 3 and 6 kuruş.

In 1844, the Turkish gold torch.Size([32, 2049])
ulogies he received from several Paris sections suspected of Royalism, resulted in his being obliged to justify himself (15 October 1795).

As a member of the Council of Five Hundred, Boissy d'Anglas became more and more suspected of Royalism himself. He presented a measure in favour of full liberty for the press, which at that time was almost unanimously reactionary, protested against the outlawry of returned émigrés, spoke in favour of the deported priests and attacked the Directory. Accordingly, he was proscribed immediately after the coup of 18 Fructidor, and lived in Great Britain until the establishment of the French Consulate.

Later life
In 1801 he was made a member of the Tribunate, and in 1805 a senator of the Empire. In 1814 he voted for Napoleon's abdication, which won for him a seat in the Chamber of Peers after the First Bourbon Restoration. However, during the Hundred Days he returned to serving Napoleon. After the defeat at Waterloo and the subsequent abdication of Napoleon, 1815 Boissy d'Anglas was one of the five commissioners sent by the Provisional Government to try to negotiate peace terms with the Duke of Wellington and Prince Blücher. For his disloyalty to Louis XVIII, on the Second Restoration, he was for a short while excluded.

In the Chamber he still sought to obtain liberty for the press —a theme upon which he published a volume of his speeches (Paris, 1817). He was a member of the Institut de France from its foundation, and in 1816, after its reorganization, became a member of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres. He published in 1819–1821 a two-volume Essai sur la vie et les opinions de M. de Malesherbes.

Family and children
He married Marie-Françoise Michel (Nîmes, 6 January 1759Bougival boat and added seating for 130 and four large windows from which the audience could take in the views of Lower Manhattan. Seating was expanded to 150 in the mid to late 80s as Bargemusic began to draw artists with pedigrees including London’s Royal Philharmonic, Amsterdam’s Concertgebouw, the Belgian National Orchestra and the New York Philharmonic. It also hosted winners and medalists of the Rostropovich, Piatigorsky, Queen Elisabeth and Tchaikovsky competitions.

Bloom remained active with Bargemusic until 2005 when she turned over day-to-day operations to Mark Peskanov and performed there as late as 2009 in celebration of her 90th birthday. She died in a Manhattan nursing home on Thanksgiving Day, 2011.

Selene Castrovilla's novel, Saved by the Music is based on Bloom's founding of Bargemusic.

References

1919 births
2011 deaths
American violinists
American violists
Women violists<EOD> The 29th Mechanized Infantry Brigade "Pogradec" () is a mechanized infantry brigade of the Hellenic Army. It is headquartered in Komotini as part of IV Army Corps.

History 
The brigade traces its history to the 29th Infantry Regiment (), which was founded in August 1913 in Edessa.

The regiment distinguished itself in the Asia Minor Campaign and the Greco-Italian War, where it participated in the battles of Kleisoura and Pogradec. Following the German invasion of Greece and the capitulation of the Greek Army, the regiment was disbanded on 14 April 1941.

The 29th Infantry Regiment was re-established on 15 May 1960 at Komotini, where it has remained since. On 15 September 2000 it received the honorific title "Pogradec". From 1 January 2003, it began to be expanded to the level of a brigade, and received the new title 29th Control and Security Brigade (29 Ταξιαρχία Ελέγχου Ασφαλείας, 29 ΤΑΞΕΑ) on 25 March of the same year. On 25 August 2005, it was converted to a regular infantry brigade under its current title. In 2005–09, the brigade's zone of responsibility extended into the prefectures of Drama and Kavala, but in December 2009 it was withdrawn east to the western boundary of the Xanthi Prefecture.

In the 2013 Army reorganization, the 29th Mechanized Infantry Brigade was reinforced with the addition of the 1st Reconnaissance Squadron (Α' ΕΑΝ), transferred from Amyntaio after the disbandment of II Army Corps.

Emblem 
The brigade's emblem features a red triangular shield upon which is depicted a map of Western Thrace with a soldier standing on guard before it. This is edged in white, with an inscription above with the unit's motto, Ιστάμεθα άγρυπνοι Istametha agripni ("We stand sleepless").

Structure
 Brigade Headquarters Company (ΛΧΣ 29ης Μ/Κ ΤΑΞ ΠΖ)
 29th Signals Company (29ος ΛΔΒ)
 29th Medical Company (29ος ΛΥΓ)
 1st Reconnaissance Squadron (1η ΕΑΝ)
 511th Mechanized Infatorch.Size([32, 2049])
ors. Several expansions by Pondsmith and other authors followed and Pondsmith released Cyberpunk 2020, a handbook with an updated story arc and mechanics, (although existing expansions remained compatible with the new game) in 1990.

Pondsmith designed Cyberpunk 2013 as the second game to use the Interlock system. Pondsmith attributes creation of Cyberpunk to his interest in the genre sparked primarily by Ridley Scott's Blade Runner released in 1982. The motivation behind the Cyberpunk roleplaying game was his desire to recreate the technology and dark, film noir style of the movie. Cyberpunk is the most expansive line of products in the RTG library with forty-four sourcebooks containing over 4,700 pages. The game has had an estimated 5 million players to date.

In 1993, again under the RTG banner, Pondsmith released an alternate timeline for the Cyberpunk line. The sourcebook titled Cybergeneration was further enhanced by additional expansions and a second edition was released in 1995, that built further upon existing, explored themes. A license for the line was later acquired by Jonathan Lavallee, owner of Firestorm Ink, founded specifically to continue RTG's CyberGeneration product line in 2003.

In 1996, Wizards of the Coast licensed Cyberpunk for their collectible card game Netrunner. Designed by Richard Garfield, Netrunner featured locations, entities, and characters f, Ćurko demonstratively left the pitch after conflicting with his own supporters during a home league game versus Waldhof Mannheim. He eventually switched to fellow Zweite Bundesliga's SSV Reutlingen in the 2001 winter transfer window.

After returning to his homeland, Ćurko played for ČSK Čelarevo in the Serbian First League. He was also a member of Proleter Novi Sad in 2010, aged 42, but failed to make any appearances.

Personal life
Ćurko also holds German citizenship. His son, Saša Ćurko, started out his footballing career playing as a forward for Vojvodina.

Statistics

R established in 1897.  There he founded the Eitz Chaim school (which still exists today),  before moving to Montreal in 1919, where he served as one of its most prominent rabbis, until 1935, when he died at the age of seventy-five. Scholars believe that many of the stories told today about the Golem of Prague (attributed to the Maharal of Prague - Judah Loew ben Bezalel) were in fact first authored by Rabbi Yudel Rosenberg.

Canadian author Mordecai Richler from Montreal (and a grandson of Rabbi Rosenberg) and Canadian religious leader Eli Rubenstein from Toronto (whose grandfather was born in Tarlow), have roots in the town.

Fate of Tarłów's Jewish Population

After World War I, about 1,000 Jews lived in Tarłów, roughly half of the small town's population. They worked in crafts and small-time trade - some farmed small plots of land near their homes. Most of its Jewish population was traditional (Orthodox) with a smaller percentage identifying with Zionism.

In September 1939, the Germans occupied Tarłów.  They established a Judenrat, and forced them to collect large sums of money in ransoms, and also gathered Jewish residents for forced labor.

The  ghetto in  Tarłów was set up in December 1941.nservancy duties.

The corps constructed the duplication of the Zagazig to Ismailia section of the railway from Cairo to the Suez Canal, built metalled roads out into the Sinai desert and laid water pipelines. About  of railway, road and pipelines were laid in a few weeks for the forward defence of the Suez Canal before it was extended eastwards into the Sinai. They also assisted in horse and camel hospitals, and travelled to Akaba to assist Lawrence in his work for the Arab Revolt.

Beside the pipelines and the railway, hundreds of miles of wire netting roads were laid across the sand and pegged down, and great reservoirs, to hold huge quantities of water supplied by filters at a rate of  a day, were constructed. At the beginning of December 1916, the Egyptian Expeditionary Force had a strength of 150,000 British, Australian and New Zealand and 6,000 Indian troops, and 13,000 Egyptian labourers.

Rail was laid at the rate of  a month and the pipeline construction eventually caught up with the railway at El Arish in February 1917. At this time General Harry Chauvel ordered aerial counter-attacks on German and Ottoman positions to stop as retaliation against German aerial attacks on the Egyptian Labour Corps, which stopped the railway gangs from continuing the strategically vital railway on to Rafah.

Under the supervision of administrative officers of corps, divisions and sanitary sections, troops worked alongside the Egyptian Labour Corps in the fight against pests in the Jordan Valley. This involved, among other strategies, draining swamps, and constructing hard horse standings. Neartorch.Size([32, 2049])
among others, such as the former finance minister of Antiochus IV, Heracleides, conspired to dispose of Demetrius.

Pretender Alexander Balas 
Heracleides put forward a potential candidate for the Seleucid throne, the supposed son of Antiochus IV, and brother of Antiochus V, Alexander Balas. Whether or not he was truly the son of Antiochus IV Epiphanes is uncertain, but this did not matter to the ruler of Pergamon, either Eumenes II or his heir Attalus II Philadelphus depending on the sources, who initially interviewed him. Having been recognized by the conspiring kings as the rightful heir to the Seleucid throne, Alexander was sent to the hills of Cilicia under the watchful eye of the Cilician chieftain Zenophanes.

Building up his reputation and gathering forces, Alexander was quickly sent with Heracleides to Rome, where they accepted him as the true king and gave their vocal su9E9
| 0 ||  || MBA-M || 16.76 || 2.5 km || multiple || 2000–2021 || 11 Jul 2021 || 191 || align=left | Disc.: LINEARAlt.: 2007 GK44, 2014 YU48, 2018 RU36 || 
|- id="2000 SA330" bgcolor=#fefefe
| 0 ||  || MBA-Ipe)– Angola
Millidgea navicula Locket, 1968 – Angola
Millidgea verrucosa Locket, 1968 – Angola

See also
 List of Linyphiidae species (I–P)

References

Endemic fauna of Angola
Araneomorphae genera
Linyphiidae
Spiders of Africa<EOD> Tarmac Adam is a Melbourne-based Australian pop band. It was formed in 2001 by singer–songwriter Matt O'Donnell and includes Nick Seymour on bass, Ruben Alexander on drums,  Josh Barber on percussion, and Steve Paix on keyboards and saxophone.

History

According to Matt O'Donnell, Tarmac Adam developed from a solo recording project he had begun planning around the year 2000. "I always had one foot in music", he said. "During my years as an occupational therapist, I'd take time off each year and go overseas, primarily to Germany, as a solo acoustic act, sometimes with a band. I've played in bands for fifteen, sixteen years, on and off".

O'Donnell began working on demos with guitarist Sean McVitty. They invited Crowded House members Nick Seymour and Paul Hester to join on bass and drums, respectively. The project was complemented by keyboardist and saxophonist Steve Paix.

In 2003, Tarmac Adam released the album Handheld Torch, recorded in Melbourne and Dublin and produced by Nick Seymour. The album was self-funded by O'Donnell after approaches to record companies for a recording deal were rebuffed.
Hester died in March 2005 and, in 2007, Seymour returned to Crowded House after the band reunited.

In June 2007, Tarmac Adam announced it was "back jogging on the main arterial as they prepare for the next stage of the journey. It's been a while but the break has been fruitful". The band's website said Handheld Torch would be repackaged, adding unreleased tracks from the early sessions with Seymour and Hester, as well as ambient instrumental remixes. In February 2008, the website featured a new song, "You As Me", and noted that "Tarmac Adam music is being made".

The band, at this point composed of O'Donnell, Seymour, and Paix, as well as Ruben Alexander on drums and Josh Barber on percussion, released their sophomore album, The History Effect, in 2013.
Following this release, O'Donnell, Paix, and Barber toured the US as a three-piece, to promote the new material with an itinerary that included a national TV appearance, various radio interviews, and live performances.

Tarmac Adam's third album, In Place, was released in October 2015, and once again featured Nick Seymour on bass.

Band members

Current
 Matt O'Donnell – vocals
 Steve Paix – keyboards
 Josh Barber – percussion
 Ruben Alexander – drums
 Nick Seymour – bass

Past
 Sean McVitty – guitar
 Paul Hester – drums

Discography
 Handheld Torch (2003)
 The History Effect (2013)
 In Place (2015)

References

External links

 

Australian pop music groups<EOD> Sphenomorphus tritaeniatus  is a species of skink found in Vietnam.

References

tritaeniatus
Taxa named by René Léon Bourret
Reptiles described in 1937<EOD> Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus (died 31 BC) was a general and politician of ancient Rome in the 1st century BC.

Life
Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus presided over the trial of Marcus Caelius Rufus, who was defended by Cicero and Crassus, in 56 BCE. Later, during Caesar's Civil War, Ahenobarbus was captured with his father, Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus, at Corfinium in 49 BC, and was present at the Battle of Pharsalus intorch.Size([32, 2049])
en and others.

Outreach and societal awareness
Laura Greene is committed to equal rights for women and minorities in education and in the work place, particularly when it comes to the hard sciences and the engineering professions; she also actively promotes awareness and sensitivity towards people who face difficult health challenges. She is a Co-founder of the Forum on Outreach and Engaging the Public (FOEP), and a member of Committee on Informing the Public, both parts of the American Physical Society. Laura Greene was on  ‘BOOST/Grantwriting/Indonesia Advisory Board’; part of COACH International, for the Kavli Frontiers of Science Indonesia Meeting, Bali, Indonesia, and she has served on the Argonne Education and Outreach Council for the Division of Educational Programs, Argonne National Laboratory (Argonne-U/Chicago-LLC).

Recent outreach and public service
 Popular article:  “High-Temperature Superconductivity:  Taming Serendipity” Physics World, 24, 41-43 (2011).
 Popular article:  “Confronting fraud in science”, Book Review of On Fact and Fraud:  Cautionary Tales from the Front Lines of Science by David Goodstein, Physics World, 23, 42-43 (2010).
 Organizer and chair for the 2013 APS March Meeting “Physics for Everyone” DMP symposium, March 20, 2013, Baltimore, MD.

Selected awards and honors
 Chair-elect, Division of Materials Physics (DMP) of the American Physical Society, elected 2012 (Vice-Chair 2012; Chair-Elect 2013; Chair 2014; Past Chair 2015).
 US delegate to the Commission on Structure and Dynamics of Condensed Matter (C10), International Union of Pure and Applied Physicists (IUPAP), elected 2011 for a three-year term.
 U. S. Liaison Committee, International Union of Pure and Applied Physicists (IUPAP), elected 2011 for a three-year term.
 External Advisory Panel, Argonne Materials Advisory Board, 2010 – present.
 Co-chair (with R. L. Greene) of the ICAM International Working Group on New Superconductors, 2010 – present. 
 Fellowship Selection Committee, Institute of Physics (IoP – UK), 2007 – present.
 The Board on Physics and Astronomy of the National Academy of Sciences (BPA-NAS), 2003–2006 and 2008–2014.
 Fellow, Institute of Physics, “FInstP”, UK, elected 2007.
 Member, National Academy of Sciences, elected 2006.
 Founding member, board of trustees, board of governors, Institute for Complex and Adaptive Materials (ICAM), University of California, 1999 – present.
 Fellow, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, elected 1997.
 Fellow, The American Association for the Advancement of Science, elected 1996.
 Maria Goeppert-Mayer Award of the American Physical Society, 1994.
 Fellow, American Physical Society, elected 1993.
 Panelist, Woodstock of Physics-II, Triple-digit superconductivity in the Copper-oxide system, New Orleans, March 1988.

Publications
 L. H. Greene, R. T. Warner, W. E. Moerner, A. J. Sievers and J. F. Figueira, "Passive mode locking of a TEA(CO2) laser with matrix-isolated SF6", Journal of the Optical Society of American 70, 640-641 (1980).
 L. H. Greene, D. B. Tanner and A. J. Epstein, "Optical properties of the cation- deficient platinum chain salt, K1.75Pt(CN)4•1.5H2O", Physical Review B 25, 1331-1339 (1982).
 L. H. Greene, W. L. Feldmann, J.-M. Rowell, B. Batlogg, E. M. Gyorgy, W. P. Lowe and D. B. McWhan, "Structural, magnetic and superconducting properties of rare-earth/superconductor multilayer films", Superlattices and Microstructures, 1, 407-415 (1985).
 L. H. Greene, W. L. Feldmann and J.-M. Rowell, "Proximity-effect studies of Nb-based bilayers with s-p, rare-earth and heavy-fermion metals", Physica B 135, 77-80 (1985).
 J.-M. Tarascon, L. H. Greene, W. R. McKinnon, G. W. Hull and T. H. Geballe, "Superconductivity at 40K in the Oxygen-Defect Perovskites La2-xSrxCuO4-y", Science 235, 1373-1376 (1987).
 J. M. Tarascon, W. R. McKinnon, L. H. Greene, G. W. Hull, B. G. Bagley, E. M. Vogel and Y. LePage, "Oxygen Doping of the High Tc Superconducting Perovskites" in High Temperature Superconductors, D. V. Gubser and M. Schluter, eds., (Materials Research Society, Pittsburgh, PA 1987) torch.Size([32, 2049])
chamber where polymerization occurs under low pressure (1–100 mTorr) conditions.

From substituted p-xylenes
Another route to generation of the monomer is to use a para-xylene precursor with a suitable substituent on each methyl groups, whose elimination generates para-xylylene.  

Selection of a leaving group may consider its toxicity (which excludes sulfur and amine-based reactions), how easily it leaves the precursor, and possible interference with the polymerization. The leaving group can either be trapped before the deposition chamber, or it can be highly volatile so that it does not condense in the latter.

For example, the precursor α,α'-dibromo-α,α,α',α'-tetrafluoro-para-xylene  yields parylene AF-4 with elimination of bromine.

The advantage to this process is the low cost of synthesis for the precursor. The precursor is also a liquid and can be delivered by standard methods developed in the semiconductor industry, such as with a vaporizer, vaporizer with a bubbler, or a mass-flow controller. Originally the precursor was just thermally cracked, but  suitable catalysts lower the pyrolysis temperature, resulting in less char residue and a better coating. By either method an atomic bromine express" and ultimately described them as "women-hating".

A prominent example used of AVFM inciting violence against women was the declaration of the month of October as "Bash A Violent Bitch Month", with Paul Elam stating, "A man hitting you back after you have assaulted him does not make you a victim of domestic violence. It makes you a recipient of justice. Deal with it."

Later that year, the SPLC published a statement about the reactions to their report, saying it "provoked a tremendous response among men's rights activists (MRAs) and their sympathizers", and that "[i]t should be mentioned that the SPLC did not label MRAs as members of a hate movement; nor did our article claim that the grievances they air on their websites – false rape accusations, ruinous divorce settlements and the like – are all without merit. But we did call out specific examples of misogyny and the threat, overt or implicit, of violence".

A 2014 statement by the SPLC criticized the International Conference on Men's Issues, particularly finding fault with the citations made that "40% to 50% of rape allegations are false" since the SPLC views that "the best scholarly studies show that between about 2% and 8% of such allegations are actually false— a rate that is comparable for false allegations of most other violent crimes." However, the organization's statement also argued that the AVFM-associated conference was "relatively subdued" given that most of those there worked to keep "vitriol to a minimum" in the discussions. A commentary on the nature of grief for men received praise from the SPLC, but the organization cautioned that the nature of prior material stated by those in AVFM was still a severe problem.

AVFM's rhetoric has been described as misogynistic and hateful by feminist commentators such as Leah McLaren, Jaclyn Friedman, Jill Filipovic, Brad Casey, Clementine Ford, and Mark Potok of the SPLC. Writing in The New York Times, Charles McGrath stated that websites like AVFM contain "a certain amount of anti-feminist hostility, if not outright misogyny". Time has reported on SPLC's "misogynist" description of the group as well as on the movement's official disavowing the concept of misogyny, with Elam cited as stating that being controversial was a way of drawing attention. Journalist Jessica Roy remarked that she found the AVFM conference divided between many individuals making violent threats and laughing openly at jokes about rape, and many individuals seeking to promote socioeconomic and legal changes by polite discussion.

In 2018, the SPLC categorized AVFM as a male supremacist hate group.

References

Further reading

External links 

2009 establishments in the United States
Criticism of feminism
Manosphere
Men's rights organizations
Men's websites
Opposition to feminism<EOD> Magnetic pressure is an energy density associated with a magnetic field. Any magnetic field has an associated magnetic pressure contained by the boundary conditions on the field. It is identical to any other physical pressure except that it is carried by the magnetic field rather than (in the case of a gas) by the kinetic energy of gas molecules. A gradient in field strength causes a force due to the magnetic pressure gradient called the magnetic pressure force.

The magnetic pressure force is readily observed in an unsupported loop of wire. If an electric current passes through the loop, the wire serves as an electromagnet, such that the magnetic field strength inside the lotorch.Size([32, 2049])
, in defiance of the earlier letter that Khosrow had sent him.

Heraclius advanced along the Araxes River, destroying Persian-held Dvin, the capital of Armenia, and Nakhchivan. At Ganzaka, Heraclius met Khosrow's army, some 40,000 strong. Using loyal Arabs, he captured and killed some of Khosrow's guards, leading to the disintegration of the Persian army. Heraclius then destroyed Adur Gushnasp, the famous Zoroastrian fire temple at Takht-i-Suleiman. Heraclius' raids went as far as the Gayshawan, a residence of Khosrow in Adurbadagan.

Heraclius wintered in Caucasian Albania, gathering forces for the next year. Khosrow was not content to let Heraclius quietly rest in Albania. He sent three armies, commanded by Shahrbaraz, Shahin, and Shahraplakan, to try to trap and destroy Heraclius' forces. Shahraplakan retook lands up as far as Siwnik, aiming to capture the mountain passes. Shahrbaraz was sent to block Heraclius' retreat through Caucasian Iberia, and Shahin was sent to block the Bitlis Pass. Heraclius, planning to engage the Persian armies separately, spoke to his worried Lazic, Abasgian, and Iberian allies and soldiers, saying: "Do not let the number of our enemies disturb us. For, God willing, one will pursue ten thousand."

Two soldiers who feigned desertion were sent to Shahrbaraz, claiming that the Byzantines were fleeing before Shahin. Due to jealousy between the Persian commanders, Shahrbaraz hurried with his army to take part in the glory of the victory. Heraclius met them at Tigranakert and routed the forces of Shahraplakan and Shahin one after the other. Shahin lost his baggage train, and Shahraplakan (according to one source) was killed, though he re-appears later. After this victory, Heraclius crossed the Araxes and camped in the plains on the other side. Shahin, with the remnants of both his and Shahraplakan's armies, joined Shahrbaraz in the pursuit of Heraclius, but marshes slowed them down. At Aliovit, Shahrbaraz split his forces, sending some 6,000 troops to ambush Heraclius while the remainder of the troops stayed at Aliovit. Heraclius instead launched a surprise night attack on the Persian main camp in February 625, destroying it. Shahrbaraz only barely escaped, naked and alone, having lost his harem, baggage, and men.

Heraclius spent the rest of winter to the north of Lake Van. In 625, his forces attempted to push back towards the Euphrates. In a mere seven days, he bypassed Mount Ararat and the 200 miles along the Arsanias River to capture Amida and Martyropolis, important fortresses on the upper Tigris. Heraclius then carried on towards the Euphrates, pursued by Shahrbaraz. According to Arab sources, he was stopped at the Satidama or Batman Su River and defeated; Byzantine sources, however, do not mention this incident. There was then another minor skirmish between Heraclius and Shahrbaraz at the Sarus River. These Councils are chaired by their respective Regional Organisers elected to the National Executive.

National Executive 
The National Executive consist of ten officers.  As of 2021, the roles and their holders are the President (Art O'Mahony), Vice-President (Shane Dolphin), four panel members (Dylan Hutchinson, Dara Clooney, Sarah Canavan, Ailbhe McNamara) and four regional organisers (Gary O'Donovan, Audrey O'Leary, Eoghan Gallagher, Steven Murphy).  The executive is elected at a National Conference, held every 16–22 months. The first panel member elected automatically becomes the national secretary (as of 2021, Dylan Hutchinson), and takes a seat on the National Executive of the Fine Gael party, alongside the YFG president and vice-president. The last National Conference took place virtually due to Covid-19 restrictions, from the 16-18 of April 2021, with voting by postal ballot and the results being announced on April 24.

International Committee
Young Fine Gael's International Committee deals with all of YFG's international relations and foreign policy. It is also responsible for the development and maintenance of relationships with other youth political parties worldwide, particularly those in the European Union. YFG is a founding member of the Youth of the European People's Party (YEPP), the youth organisation of the European People's Party. YEPP is Europe's largest youth political organisation, bringing together 57 member organisations from 39 countries. Eileen Lynch, the Secretary General of YEPP, is a member of YFG, and formerly served as International Secretary. The current International Secretary is Paula Campbell.

Policy Committee
Young Fine Gael's Policy Committee issues annual pre-budget submissions to the senior Fine Gael (FG) party. The youth-wing is also responsibtorch.Size([32, 2049])
m. The returning journey starts at 2:10pm by departing Rajshahi. This train reaches Jessore, Jhenaidah, Chuadanga, Kushtia, Pabna and Natore district. Its weekly off day is Sunday.

Facilities
The rake of Kapotaksha Express consists of 11 PT Inka Coaches. It has one AC chair car and eight8 non-AC chair cars with two power cars. It usually gets Class 6500 locomotives.

Stoppages

See also
 Sagardari Express
 Chitra Express
 Sundarban Express

References

Named passenger trains of Bangladesh
Transport in Khulna<EOD> The concept of fiction-absolute exists within the contexts of anthropology, and the study of group psychology and tribalism.

The term was coined and defined by journalist Tom Wolfe in his 2006 Jefferson Lecture for the National Endowment for the Humanities.  Wolfe defined it as the irrational propaganda an individual, tribe or social group employs to explain why the individual is better than others, or why the tribe or group is the best of all groups and its people the best people. The term itself indicates that it is absolutist in that it defines in stark terms why an individual is superior, or why members should prefer a tribe, and necessarily fictional because it is propaganda (although it may have some basis in truth). The fiction-absolute is essentially a tribe's core propaganda, and can lead to intolerance and forms of collective action.

The fiction-absolute not only necessitates a harsh view of other groups, but also of unaffiliated people and individualists.

References 

Tom Wolfe
Anthropology
Group processes
Propaganda<EOD> Moges Taye (born December 12, 1973 in Showa) is a long-distance runner from Ethiopia. His breakthrough performance came at the Rome City Marathon in 1996, which he won in a time of 2:12:03. He represented Ethiopia in the marathon at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics, but failed to finish the race.

At the 1997 Istanbul Marathon he won in a course record time of 2:13:37 – a time which went unbettered for almost a decade. Further to this, Taye would go on to defend his title for the next two years becoming the only man to have won the race on three occasions. In 1998 he won the Tiberias Marathon in a course record time of 2:12:51, beating Kevin Shaw's previous mark by more than a minute. Later that year he won the 1998 edition of the Vienna Marathon. He won the Venice Marathon in 2001. Making his second international road appearance, he ran at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics in the marathon but failed to finish the race. He won the 2004 edition of the Nagano Marathon in Japan.

Achievements

References

External links

Profile from MarathonFree

1973 births
Living people
Ethiopian male long-distance runners
Ethiopian male marathon runners<EOD> Kushk-e Baqeri (, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Bāqerī) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 198, in 36 families.

References 

Populated places in Kazerun County<EOD> Cape Berteaux is a cape surmounted by a high rock peak between Mikkelsen Bay and Wordie Ice Shelf on the west coast of Graham Land. The French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot, 1908–1910, originally applied the name Berteaux to an island in essentially this position. The British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under Rymill, 1934–1937, identified the feature sighted by Charcot as the cape described above. It is named by Charcot for a Monsieur Berteaux who helped obtain funds for his expedition.

Further reading 
 Defense Mapping Agency  1992, Sailing Directions (planning Guide) and (enroute) for Antarctica, P 376

External links 

 Cape Berteaux on USGS website
 Cape Berteaux on AADC website
 Cape Berteaux on SCAR website

References 

Headlands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast<EOD> Vladan Matić (; born 28 April 1970) is a Serbian former handball player and current coach of Hungarian club Grundfos Tatabánya KC. He also holds Hungarian citizenship.

Playing career
Matić made his professional debut with his hometown club Metaloplastika. He later played for Partizan (1993–1995 and 1997–2001) and Crvena zvezda (1995–1997). In 2001, Matić moved abroad to Hungary and stayed with Pick Szeged until 2007.

Matić represented Serbia and Montenegro (known as FR Yugoslavia until 2003), winning two bronze medals at the World Championships (1999 and 2001). He also participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics and two European Championships (2002 and 2004).

Coaching career
Matić started his coaching career at Pick Szeged in early 2007 and remained in charge until late 2009. He later coached Ferencváros (200orm Partnership, Balharry said:
Management of the Cairngorms has been failing for decades. But the time is now ripe, the money is there, the torch.Size([32, 2049])
governments.

His active carrier in politics started in 1970s. He started his political career as a Youth Congress activist. From there he reached the position of Member of Legislative Assembly later became education minister in Chenna Reddy's cabinet in 1978. He also served in the cabinet of Tanguturi Anjaiah before becoming chief minister on 24 February 1982. He only served as the chief minister for a brief period, until 19 September 1982, representing Indian National Congress.

He died on 7 April 2002 after brief illness. He was suffering respiratory issues. His wife to Bhavanam Jayaparadha is also a noted politician who served as State Minister. He was known to be a great leader who tirelessly worked for the welfare of people.

Personal life

Reddy was born in Muppalla village in Guntur District Madras Presidency then British India. Reddy married to Bhavanam Jayaparadha and has one son and three daughters.

1932 births
2002 deaths
Telugu politicians
Chief Ministers of Andhra Pradesh
Indian National Congress politicians from Andhra Pradesh
Chief  though Whedon had yet to create a story. Whedon remarked: 
In July 2003, Whedon said that though there was interest in the project, "I won't know really until I finish a draft whether or not it's genuine." He felt that any film deal was contingent on keeping the show's original cast, though he later stated that retaining the cast was "never an issue" as Universal executives believed the cast suitable after watching every episode of the series.

In early September 2004, a film deal with Universal was publicly confirmed. Universal acquired the rights to Firefly shortly before the confirmation. Whedon felt that the strong sales of the Firefly DVD, which sold out in less than 24 hours after the pre-order announcement, "definitely helped light a fire and make them [Universal] go, 'Okay, we've really got something here.' It definitely helped them just be comfortable with the decisions they were making, but they really had been supporting us for quite some time already." Whedon felt it was "important people understand that the movie isn't the series", and so the project was titled Serenity.

Writing
After Universal acquired the film rights from Fox, Whedon began writing the screenplay. His task was to explain the premise of a television series that few had seen without boring new viewers or longtime fans. He based his story on original story ideas for Fireflys un-filmed second season. Whedon's original script was 190 pages, and attempted to address all major plot points introduced in the series. After presenting the script to Barry Mendel under the title "The Kitchen Sink", Whedon and Mendel collaborated on cutting down the script to a size film-able under his budget constraints. All nine principal cast members from the television series were scheduled to return for the movie, but Glass and Tudyk could not commit to sequels, leading to the death of their characters in the second draft of the script. The tightened script and a budget Mendel and Whedon prepared were submitted to Universal on a Friday and on the following Monday morning, Stacey Snider, then head of Universal, called Mendel to officially greenlight the movie.

Universal planned to begin shooting in October 2003, but delays in finishing the script postponed the start of shooting to June 2004.

Filming

Principal photography for Serenity was originally estimated to require 80 days, lasting a typical 12 to 14 hours each, with a budget of over $100 million. Unwilling to approve of such a large budget, Universal Studios wished to shoot abroad to minimize production costs. However, Whedon, reluctant to uproot his family, insisted that filming take place locally and maintained that it was possible for a local production to cost fewer days and less than half the expected budget. On March 2, 2004, the film was greenlit for production with a budget of under $40 million. At the project's completion, the film spent $39 million, considered low for a science fiction action film featuring heavy special effects.

Serenity was filmed over a period of 50 ten-hour days, beginning June 3, 2004, and ending September 17, 2004. The film was primarily shot on Universal Studio sound stages with locations throughout Los Angeles. The sequence where the crew is pursued by Reavers after a bank robbery was filmed along the Templin Highway north of Santa Clarita. The shoot typically would have lasted 30 days, but the production completed filming the sequence in five days. Pyrotechnics were shot at Mystery Mesa, near Santa Clarita, over a period of three days rather than a typical two weeks. The scenes on the planet Miranda were filmed at Diamond Ranch High School in Pomona.

The production expected to save money by reusing the Serenity ship interior set from the Firefly television series. However, the set had been built in pieces as episodes called for new rooms on the ship. Using DVD images of the television series astorch.Size([32, 2049])

Singers from London
Virgin Records artists
Walt Disney Records artists
Warner Music Group artists<EOD> Kumara Vidanelage Don Sugathadasa (8 July 1908 – ?) was a Ceylonese politician.

Sugathadasa was elected as an independent member at the 1st parliamentary election, held between 23 August 1947 and 20 September 1947, in the Welimada electorate, receiving 4,242 votes (40.86% of the total vote) narrowly defeating his nearest rival, A. G. Divitotawela, by 22 votes. Sugathadasa's victory was assured by estate workers who voted en-bloc against the United National Party.

Rather than re-contest the seat at the 2nd parliamentary election, this time Sugathadasa ran in the Banarawela electorate, as the United National Party candidate, securing 6,392 votes, (a 62% majority) and 4,126 votes clear of his nearest rival.

Sugathadasa then ran for election at the 3rd parliamentary election, held between 5 April 1956 and 10 April 1956, in the multi-member seat of Badulla, where he ran last in a field of four, only securing 1,301 votes (2.88% of the total vote).

At the 5th parliamentary election, held on 20 July 1960, Sugathadasa contested the newly created Soranatota electorate as the Lanka Prajathanthravadi Pakshaya candidate. He failed in his attempt, losing to the UNP candidate, S. B. Ekanayake, who received 4,539 votes and the SLFP candidate, K. Y. M. Wijeratne Banda, who received 4,330 votes, as opposed to Sugathadasa's 1,017 votes. He re-contested the seat at the subsequent 6th parliamentary election, held on 22 March 1965, where he only secured 903 votes, as opposed to the successful SLFP candidate, K. Y. M. Wijeratne Banda, who polled 6,901 votes and the UNP candidate, S. B. Ekanayake, who polled 6,023 votes.

References

1885 births
Members of the 1st Parliament of Ceylon
Members of the 2nd Parliament of Ceylon
United National Party politicians
Date of death missing<EOD> Bodha () is a 2018 Indian Tamil-language crime comedy film directed by debutant Suresh and starring newcomer Vicky. The film was dubbed in Telugu as Call Boy.

Cast 
Vicky as Madhan 
Mippu as Karthik
Vinodh Munna as an inspector
Eswar as an agent
Rahul Thatha as a hipster
Shanmugasundaram as the father-in-law 
Risha in a special appearance in the song "We Love You Money"

Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by Siddharth Vipin.
Ambala Item - Guru, Siddharth Vipin 
We Love You Money - Jagadeesh, Siddharth Vipin

Release 
The Times of India gave the film a rating of two out of five stars and wrote that "The comic bits are hardly funny while the thriller elements are barely there". Deccan Chronicle gave the film the same rating and wrote that "Though the script had all the potential to make it an interesting movie, a lacklustre writing and incoherent screenplay turns Bodha an ordinary fare". The New Indian Express stated that "Bodha is a film about money and what people do for it. It's too bad the film isn't good enough to justify the money you part with to see it". Vikatan criticized the screenplay, the cinematography, and the background music.

References

External links 

2010s crime comedy films
Indian crime comedy films
2010s Tamil-language films<EOD> Grayson County is the name of three counties in the United States:

Grayson County, Kentucky
Grayson County, Texas
Grayson County, Virginia<EOD> Pruta (, plural: prutot) was a denomination of currency in Israel prior to 1960.

History
The pruta was introduced shortly after the establishment of the state of Israel, as the 1000th part of the Israeli pound. It replaced the mil, which was the 1000th part of the Palestine pound, a currency issued by the British Mandate of Palestine prior to May 1948.

The word pruta was borrowed from Mishnaic Hebrew, in which it meant "a coin of smaller value". This word was probably derived originally from an Aramaic word with the same meaning. The pruta was abolished in 1960, when the Israeli government decided to change the subdivision of the Israeli pound into 100 agorot. This move was necessary due to the constant devaluation of the Israeli pound, which rendered coins smaller than 10 prutot redundant.

This pruta should not be confused with the halachic pruta, which is the minimal value of money for a variety of halachic applications—among them, the minimal value one is obligated to return if stolen, the minimal value needed to effect a marriage, and the minimal investment needed to be considered an investor (it is equivalent to 0.025 grams of pure silver).torch.Size([32, 2049])
ves the rivalry of Honoria and Rosamund over the affections of Lord Rainbow. He, overhearing their conversation, tells them he loves them equally, and leaves them to decide the issue between themselves. In his absence, Lamont and Travers, two of Lucina's rejected suitors, enter and court Honoria and Rosamund. Each woman tells her suitor that the other woman is in love with him; the two men fall for this trick, only to be told that it was a test, which they have failed. The uncomfortable situation is resolved by the arrival of the ladies' dancing master.

At the ball, the two women confront Lord Rainbow, telling him they cannot decide the issue between them, and ask him to choose between them by lot. He does — and finds that both lots are blank. Lord Rainbow accepts his chastisement gracefully, and gives each woman a jewel.

The two plots are filled out with comic material, involving characters including Mr. Frisk the dancing master, and the clowns Freshwater and Gudgeon. Freshwater is a pretended traveller, who reveals through his clumsiness and ignorance that he has never left England.

References

English Renaissance plays
1632 plays
Plays by James Shirley<EOD> A transit mall is a street, or set of streets, in a city or town along which automobile traffic is prohibited or greatly restricted and only public transit vehicles, bicycles, and pedestrians are permitted.

Transit malls are instituted by communities who feel that it is desirable to have areas not dominated by the automobile, or as a way to speed travel time through an area—usually the city center—for transit vehicles and as a transport hub for interchanges, making them more efficient and thereby more attractive as an alternative to car use.  Converting a street or an area to a transit mall can be a form of pedestrianization, allowing pedestrians and cyclists as well as transit vehicles to move more freely, unimpeded by private motor traffic, if autos are banned completely.  However, some transit malls are not auto-free, but rather restrict cars and other private traffic to only short segments or only one lane, with other lanes being limited to buses or trams (streetcars).

Transit malls differ from busways, which are roadways dedicated to the movement of buses at high speed or capacity.

Europe
A number of European towns and cities have made part or all of areas their car-free while permitting public transit vehicles. These are often accompanied by car parks on the edge of the area and/or park-and-ride schemes. Most of these zones allow delivery trucks to service the businesses located there during the early morning, and street-cleaning vehicles will usually go through these streets after most shops have closed for the night.

Examples include:
 Gothenburg, Sweden
 Princes Street in Edinburgh, Scotland
 Queen Street in Oxford, England

North America
In North America, the creation of pedestrian-friendly urban environments is still in its infancy, but transit malls have existed in a few cities for more than 40 years, starting with the Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1968, followed by the Granville Mall in Vancouver, British Columbia, in 1974 and the Portland Mall in 1977.  In North America, transit malls usually take the form of single streets in which automobiles are mostly prohibited but transit vehicles are allowed. They are rarely completely free of motor vehicles.  Often, all of the cross streets are open to motorized traffic, and in some cases taxis are allowed and truck deliveries are made by night.

Examples include:
 King Street Transit Priority Corridor in Toronto, Ontario
 Bryant-Pacific Transit Mall in Dallas, TX
 Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis, Minnesota
 Washington Avenue Mall in Minneapolis, Minnesota
 Granville Mall in Vancouver, British Columbia
 Portland Transit Mall in Portland, Oregon
 7th Avenue in Calgary, Alberta
 10th Street NW, Federal Triangle, Washington, DC, de facto
 16th Street Mall in Denver, Colorado
 Fulton Mall in Brooklyn, New York
 Graham Avenue Transit Mall in Winnipeg, Manitoba
 Long Beach Transit Mall in Los Angeles County
 Main Street Mall in Memphis, Tennessee
 Santa Rosa Transit Mall in Santa Rosa, California
 State Street in Madison, Wisconsin
 Transit Plaza in Champaign, Illinois
 Sundance Square Plaza (Main Street between 3rd & 4th Streets) in Fort Worth, Texas
 The former Chestnut Street Busway in Philadelphia.
 1st and 2nd Streets in San Jose, California
 Main Street in Buffalo, New York
 C Street in San Diego, California

Australia
Examples include:
 Adelaide Street bus mall in Brisbane, Australia
 Rosny Park Transit Mall in Rosny Park, Tasmania
 Hobart Bus Mall in Hobart, Australia
 George Street in Sydney, Australia
 Bourke Street Melbourne, Australia

Asia
Examples include:
 Sinchon Transit Mall in Seoul, South Korea
 Jaffa Road, Jerusalem intorch.Size([32, 2049])
la Tournerie
Dominique Lavanant : The abused woman in the hotel room
Pierre Douglas : The Host of "Face à face"
Dorothée : The announcer
Lily Fayol : Gisèle Brossard's mother
Jacques Deschamps : The TV director's Voice
Germaine Delbat : Madame Perrin
Robert Rollis : The sound engineer
Pierre Tchernia : Narrator
Albert Augier : The principal Inspector
Marcelle Ranson-Hervé : The Minister
Colette Brosset : The tango student
Patrick Poivre d'Arvor : Himself
Stéphane Paoli : Himself
Gabriel Cattand
Michel Fortin
Jerry Di Giacomo
Peter Semler
Jean Ory
Claude Legros
Gérard Loussine

External links
 

French films
French-language films
1979 films<EOD> Jennifer Mary Paterson (3 April 1928 – 10 August 1999) was a British celebrity cook, author, actress and television personality who appeared on the television programme Two Fat Ladies (1996-1999) with Clarissa Dickson Wright. Prior to this, she wrote a cookery column both for The Spectator and for The Oldie.

The pair were famous for their rich traditional meals made from scratch. Paterson was known for her liberal use of butter and cream, remarking on her television show in her usual manner with a shake of the hand, that yoghurt was only fit for vegetarians and those with "a poor tummy". They travelled to filming locations throughout the UK on Paterson's Triumph Thunderbird motorbike with Dickson Wright occupying the sidecar.

Life and career
Paterson came from an Army family, of which she later wrote, "My mother had no idea of how to cook and no wish to learn, existing on gorgonzola, coffee, and chocolates after the demise of any form of servant. My father, having gone through two World Wars, was far too frightened to put on a kettle and my brothers, who married young to very good wives... never showed any signs of wanting to whip up something delicious for a treat."

Paterson was expelled from convent school at 15 for being disruptive. Paterson later became a matron at a girls' boarding school near Reading before ending up as a cook for the Ugandan Legation in London and becoming a well-known figure on the London party circuit. She worked on the ITV show Candid Camera and later became a food writer for The Spectator; for 15 years, she provided weekly lunches for personalities, including the Prince of Wales. She later wrote a book of recipes and reminiscences from her time at The Spectator entitled Feast Days, Recipes from The Spectator, in the introduction to which the English writer A. N. Wilson professed, "Jennifer Paterson is the best cook I know."

Pata-analysis in 2005 concluded that human policosanol consumption is safe and well tolerated and is effective at lowering the blood cholesterol. As of 2010, they were marketed as lipid-lowering agents in the Caribbean, Central and South America, and Canada.  Furthermore, another meta-analysis published in 2018 with 22 studies and 1886 subjects showed policosanol could improve dyslipidemia with raising HDL.  The blood pressure lowering effect of Cuban policosanol has been shown in an animal model using spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and a human trial.

References

External links 
Policosanol at Drugs.com

Dietary supplements
Fatty alcohols
Alkanols<EOD> American Spy is a novel by Lauren Wilkinson, published in February 2019 by Random House. Barack Obama included the book on his 2019 summer reading list. The novel details the struggle and growth of Marie, an African American woman, as she recounts her time in the FBI.

References

2019 American novels
2019 debut novels<EOD> Moose Factory is a community in the Cochrane District, Ontario, Canada. It is located on Moose Factory Island, near the mouth of the Moose River, which is at the southern end of James Bay. It was the first English-speaking settlement in lands now making up Ontario and the second Hudson's Bay Company post to be set up in North America after Fort Rupert. On the mainland, across the Moose River, is the nearby community of Moosonee, which is accessible by water taxi in the summer, ice road in the winter, and chartered helicopter in the off-season (break-up or freeze-up). 

A private company also offers freighter-canoe ferry service across the Moose River. As of 2020, the MV Niska 1 ferry was operating between Moosonee and Moose Factory, carrying passengers and vehicles.  

The settlement is mainly inhabited by the Cree, but the hospital that provides healthcare services to the people of the island and surrounding area (collectively known as the Weeneebayko Area Health Authority) employs a diverse group of people.

The term "Factory" refers to the jurisdiction of a factor (a business agent or merchant in charge of buying or selling) of the Hudson's Bay Company.

History 

The area was explored by Pierre-Esprit Radisson (an HBC employee) in the wintorch.Size([32, 2049])
ior international debut for Malta on 29 February 2012, in the 2–1 win over Liechtenstein. On 23 March 2019, he saved a penalty in the 2–1 win over Faroe Islands in a UEFA Euro 2020 qualifier, as Malta won their first competitive home match in 13 years.

References

External links
 

1988 births
Living people
Maltese footballers
People from Pietà, Malta
Malta international footballers
Sliema Wanderers F.C. players
Vittoriosa Stars F.C. players
Hibernians F.C. players
Valletta F.C. players
Birkirkara F.C. players
Ħamrun Spartans F.C. players
Maltese Premier League players
Association football goalkeepers<EOD> Julia Cagé (born 17 February 1984) is a French economist specializing in development economics, political economy, and economic history.

Early life 
Julia Cagé has a twin sister, Agathe Cagé, who is a technocrat and an advisor to Najat Vallaud-Belkacem.

Cagé attended prep school in letters and social sciences at Lycée Thiers in Marseille.  From 2005 to 2010 she and her twin studied at the École normale supérieure of Paris.

From 2010 to 2014 she was a doctoral student in economics at Harvard.  She received her PhD in economics there in 2014 under Alberto Alesina, Nathan Nunn and Andrei Shleifer. She also defended a thesis at the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences on Essays in the Political Economy of Information and Taxation, under the direction of Daniel Cohen.

In 2014 she married the economist Thomas Piketty.

Career 
Since July 2014, Julia Cagé has been an assistant professor of Economics at Sciences Po Paris. In 2018, she became the Co-director of the Laboratory for Interdisciplinary Evaluation of Public Policies (LIEPP) "Evaluation of Democracy" research group.

Publications

Saving the media 
In February 2015, Julia Cagé published Saving the media:  Capitalism, crowdfunding and democracy in French.  By the end of 2016, it had been published in 10 other languages.

Nonprofit Media Organization (NMO) 

This book reviews existing models for funding the media, evaluates the strengths and weaknesses of each, and proposes a new structure for "saving the media", which she calls a "Nonprofit Media Organization (NMO)".

The fundamental problem with existing media organizations is that they either 
 have not been self-sustaining or 
 have such inherent conflicts of interest that their coverage becomes a threat to democracy.

Her NMO is a charitable foundation but with democratic governance, limiting the power of the major donors while encouraging crowdfunding.

Discussion 

This book was widely reviewed in the mainstream French media: Les Échos, Libération, Télérama, Les Inrocks, La Croix, Mediapart, Alternatives économiques, France Culture, Europe 1, France 24 and France inter.

By 5 November 2016 it was available in translation into 10 other languages:  English, Chinese, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Serbian, Spanish, and Turkish;  it's now also available in Romanian.

In this book, she proposes a new model for organizing media:  a nonprofit media organization (NMzosin (INN)
tiodonium chloride (INN)
tioguanine (INN)
tiomergine (INN)
tiomesterone (INN)
tiomolibdate diammonium (USAN)
tiomolibdic acid (USAN)
tioperidone (INN)
tiopinac (INN)
tiopronin (INN)
tiopropamine (INN)
tiosalan (INN)
tiospirone (INN)
tiotidine (INN)
tiotixene (INN)
tiotropium bromide (INN)
tioxacin (INN)
tioxamast (INN)
tioxaprofen (INN)
tioxidazole (INN)
tioxolone (INN)

tip-tis
tipapkino to the Grand Prix Vorentscheid 2008, which chose the German entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2008. She passed the first 4 rounds, beating Marquess, Cinema Bizarre and Tommy Reeve, however in the final selection she lost to No Angels with "Disappear| 36.7 vs 33.8
| .448 vs .435
|-
| 2018
| C. Ogwumike (14.4)
| A. Thomas (8.1)
| J. Thomas (4.8)
| 87.6 vs 81.7
| 36.9 vs 32.0
| .466 vs .443
|-
| 2019
| J. Jones (14.6)
| J. Jones (9.7)
| J. Thomas (5.1)
| 80.8 vs 77.9
| 36.8 vs 33.3
| .423 vs .439
|-

|-
| 2020
| D. Bonner (19.7)
| A. Thomas (9.0)
| A. Thomas (4.8)
| 80.4 vs 79.9
| 35.5 vs 33.0
| .427 vs .443
|-
| 2021
| J. Jones (19.4)
| J. Jones (11torch.Size([32, 2049])
on the 1998 film There's Something About Mary starring Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller.

Beddor then turned to writing, spending five years writing The Looking Glass Wars. The book was rejected by every major publisher in the US, and ultimately published by Egmont Books in the UK.

The Looking Glass Wars became popular and was on The New York Times week list in 2006. The books are a re-imagining of Lewis Carroll's novel Alice in Wonderland. The premise of the novels is that the character of Alice in Alice in Wonderland is real, as is the world of Wonderland, but that Carroll rewrote the events and made Wonderland seem childlike and did not reflect the reality of Wonderland.

Beddor has written two more books in The Looking Glass Wars series, Seeing Redd and ArchEnemy. A spin-off comic book called Hatter Madigan, was written by Beddor and Liz Cavalier, with artwork by Ben Templesmith. The spin-off focuses on Hatter Madigan, a character in The Looking Glass Wars.

Beddor was involved in the development of two video games, Card Soldiers Wars in 2008, a free MMORG and The Looking Glass Wars Card Game in 2009.

References

External links

 
 

American children's writers
American fantasy writers
American film producers
American male freestyle skiers
American male novelists
21st-century American novelists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American male writers<EOD> Silvertown was a borough constituency returning a single Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom through the first-past-the-post voting system. The constituency was one of four divisions of the Parliamentary Borough of West Ham, which had at the time the same boundaries as the County Borough of West Ham. Although administratively separate since 1889, the area was formally part of the county of Essex; since 1965 it has been part of the London Borough of Newham in Greater London.

The creation of the constituency was recommended by the Boundary Commission in a report issued in 1917, and formally created by the Representation of the People Act 1918. It came into existence at the 1918 general election. As the borough of West Ham had only 120,586 electors on 15 October 1946, the relevant date for the subsequent Boundary Commission review, the borough was only entitled to two Members of Parliament; North and South divisions were recommended. As a consequence Silvertown was abolished as a separate constituency by the Representation of the People Act 1948 and went out of existence at the 1950 general election.

Boundaries 
Silvertown was based on the two wards of Custom House and Silvertown (based either side of the Royal Victoria Dock), and Tidal Basin, which was to its north-west. The large wards in the southern County Borough Donegal, Ireland, located in central Letterkenny.

Location
The centre is in central Letterkenny, close to the Library and Arts Centre, on the Lower Main Street side and the Bank of Ireland on the Upper Main Street side; it also overlooks Pearse Street and Oliver Plunkett Street. The structure is built spirally on a slope so, if approached from the Main Street entrance, the visitor, when making their way through the complex, descends into the ground via a series of escalators.

History
Paul Reynolds of Reynolds and Company developed the Courtyard Shopping Centre. Reynolds died after a prolonged illness in December 2020.

The centre opened on 21 October 1993, with actors Mick Lally and Joe Lynch (known for their roles in Glenroe) performing the official opening ceremony. Coronation Street stars Kevin Kennedy and Ken Morley also appeared at the centre. These 'celebrity visits' are commemorated in the centre by tiles which feature a golden sketch of the person's outline. Other such tiles depict people like Packie Bonner and Daniel O'Donnell.

Within less than two years of its opening it had been awarded several prizes for its design and for its content.

The owners applied for planning permission to build another floor of retail space in mid-2007. The application was approved and resulted in an extra 980 square metres of retail area. The centre went through further changes in 2008, with Sports Direct expanding over three floors, occupying the former location of Costcutter. Another floor was constructed to house a Brand Max outlet.

Shops and facilities
The centre has its own multi-storey car park and, as of May 2019, had 28 stores.  The supermarket chain Iceland has a branch at the centre. Sports Direct and Brand Max (formerly Heatons) is present, along with a bookshop and a chipper/takeaway.

The centre was impacted by the recession and economic problems in Ireland in the late 2000s. Many stores closed, some businesses failed, and some other stores moved to the Letterkenny Shopping Centre in Port Road of the town.

References

External links
 
 The Courtyard Shopping Centre on CompletelyRetail.

1993 establishments in Ireland
Buildings and structures in Letterkenny
Shopping centretorch.Size([32, 2049])
st-century LGBT people<EOD> The Premio 40 Principales for Best Spanish Group was an honor presented annually at Los Premios 40 Principales. For the 2011 edition this award was merged with the Best Solo category into the Best Artist/Group award.

Los Premios 40 Principales
2006 establishments in Spain
2010 disestablishments in Spain
Awards established in 2006
Awards disestablished in 2010<EOD> Constitution of 1923 may refer to:

Egyptian Constitution of 1923
1923 Constitution of Romania<EOD> Roger Caesar Marius Bernard de Delgado Torres Castillo Roberto (1 March 1918 – 18 June 1973) was a British actor. He played many roles on television, radio and in films, and had "a long history of playing minor villains" before becoming best known as the first actor to play The Master in Doctor Who (1971–73).

Early life 
Delgado was born in Whitechapel, in the East End of London; he often remarked to Doctor Who co-star and close friend Jon Pertwee that this made him a true Cockney, as he was born within the sound of the Bow bells, even though his mother was Belgian and his father was Spanish. He did not live in the East End, but was brought up in Bedford Park in west London. He attended Cardinal Vaughan Memorial School, a Roman Catholic secondary school in Holland Park, and the London School of Economics for a brief period but did not complete his degree. He served in the Second World War with both the Leicestershire Regiment and the Royal Corps of Signals, attaining the rank of major.

Career 
Delgado worked extensively on the British stage, and on television, film and radio. His theatre debut was in 1939 and his first television appearance was 1948. He appeared in the BBC Television serial Quatermass II (1955), the Powell and Pressburger wartime drama Battle of the River Plate (1956), and came to wide popular attention in Britain when he played the duplicitous Spanish envoy Mendoza in the ITC Entertainment series, Sir Francis Drake, from 1961 to 1962, after which he was in much demand. An in-joke in the 1971 Doctor Who story Colony in Space refers to that role, when the Brigadier tells the Doctor not to worry as the suspected sighting of the Master "was only the Spanish Ambassador". Delgado was frequently cast as a villain, appearing in many British action-adventure TV series by ITC, including Danger Man (1961), The Saint (1962 and 1966), The Champions (1969), and Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) (1969).

Delgado made a total of 16 guest appearances in ITC shows, the most of any actor, with his last completed role being ITC's The Zoo Gang (1974). He also appeared in The Avengers (1961 and 1969), The Power Game (1966), and an ITV Play of the Week (The Crossfire, 1967). His films included The Terror of the Tongs, The Road to Hong Kong, The Mummy's Shroud and Antony and Cleopatra. He began work as The Master on Doctor Who in late 1970, his first broadcast appearance being in the January 1971 adventure Terror of the Autons. He subsequently reprised the role of the Master in many Third Doctor serials, including The Mind of Evil, The Claws of Axos, Colony in Space, The Dæmons, The Sea Devils, The Time Monster and Frontier in Space. The Master's story arc was to have ended in The Final Game, which was planned as the final story to feature Pertwee's Third Doctor, but the story was scrapped following Delgado's sudden death and replaced with Planet of the Spiders.

Personal life 
His first marriage was to Olga Anthonisz. The marriage ended in divorce. Delgado married Kismet Shahani in 1957 and they were together until his death in 1973. Shahani died in 2017.

Death 
Delgado died on location in Nevşehir, Turkey, whilst shooting La Cloche tibétaine (Tibetan Bell), a Franco/German television mini-series about the Yellow Expedition. During this expedition, Citroën motor cars traversed Asia in 1931–32 from Peking and Beirut. Delgado appeared in one episode of this production. He was killed, along with two Turkish film technicians, when the car in which he was travelling went off the road into a ravine. He was 55 years old.

Until 2017, there was mystery surrounding the fate of Delgado's remains. It appears that his ashes were scattered on 27 June 1973, in area RB3 (Plot 43) of the Garden of Remembrance at Mortlake Cemetery in Southwest London. He was cremated at Mortlake.

The serial he was filming in Turkey continued production and was completed after his death. The series was broadcast on French and German television in 1974–1975; Delgado can be seen in episode 4 as the minor character Paco.

Jon Pertwee often remarked that Roger Delgado's death was one of the reasons he decided to leave Doctor Who the following year.

Religion 
According to an article in the London Jewish Chronicle written by its editor Stephen Pollard, Delgado appears to have been not Catholic but Jewish by religion. He worshipped at the very synagogue Pollard and his father attended. This anetorch.Size([32, 2049])
ys, S. (2002): Een gelauwerde Lucien Posman. in Kunsttijdschrift Vlaanderen, jg 51, nr. 293; 2002; p.244-246 
Blockeel, D. (1992): Lucien Posman. Van een tovenaar die wielen deed draaien en hoe hij verder denkt te zullen rijden. In Ambrozijn, Xde jaargang, nr.2, p.19-33
Knockaert, Y. (1994): Hilarische Ernst. Vlaamse Componisten: Lucien Posman. in Kunst & Cultuur, jg. 27, december; p.44-47
Angelet,B. (1988): Vlaanderen leeft in Hedendaagse Muziek. Buckinx, Nuyts en Posman. in Arcade, jg. 2, nr.2, p. 10-15
De Boever, J. (1988): Wheel within Wheel’. in Tijdschrift van De Nieuwe Muziekgroep, januari 
De Smet, M.M.(1989): Lucien Posman: 5 songs of Experience, in Tijdschrift van De Nieuwe Muziekgroep. nr. 20, p. 48-51
Knockaert, Y (1995): Het Postmodernisme in Vlaanderen. in Vlaanderen, nov.-dec. p.360-365
Anseeuw, M. (1988): Tussen wens en werkelijkheid, lief en leed van 10 jonge komponisten in Vlaanderen. in Tijdschrift van De Nieuwe Muziekgroep nr. 10, p. 25-37.
Baert, J. (2000): De paraatheid van Lucien Posman. in Nieuwe Vlaamse Muziek Revue, jg. 7 nr 4, p.64-66
Verschoore, N. (2001): Lettres de Flandre, Lucien Posman. in La revue Générale, jg 136 nr 6; p. 82-84 
Bossaert, V. (2006): Lucien Posman over William Blake en de flow van het componeren. in Nieuwsbrief Vlaams Radiokoor, januari-maart 2006, p.4-5
Messine, M. (2007): Wereldcreatie XLII 11-16’, nieuwsbrief Koor en Stem, jg 1 nr. 2 
Roquet, F. (2007). Lexicon Vlaamse Componisten geboren na 1800, Tielt. Roulartabooks, p. 578-579
Leveux, T. (2006): Dictionaire des compositeurs de Belgique du moyen âge à nos jours. éditions Art in Bel710 m || 
|-id=748 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 405748 ||  || — || December 25, 2005 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch || EOS || align=right | 2.4 km || 
|-id=749 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 405749 ||  || — || December 4, 2005 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey || EOS || align=right | 1.9 km || 
|-id=750 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 405750 ||  || — || December 25, 2005 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch || KOR || align=right | 1.3 km || 
|-id=751 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 405751 ||  || — || December 25, 2005 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch || — || align=right | 2.3 km || 
|-id=752 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 405752 ||  || — || December 24, 2005 || Socorro || LINEAR || — || align=right | 2.8 km || 
|-id=753 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 405753 ||  || — || October 30, 2005 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey || — || align=right | 3.2 km || 
|-id=754 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 405754 ||  || — || December 24, 2005 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch || — || align=right | 3.3 km || 
|-id=755 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 405755 ||  || — || December 26, 2005 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch || — || align=right | 3.3 km || 
|-id=756 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 405756 ||  || — || December 26, 2005 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch || — || align=right data-sort-value="0.74" | 740 m || 
|-id=757 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 405757 ||  || — || December 26, 2005 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch || — || align=right data-sort-value="0.62" | 620 m || 
|-id=758 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 405758 ||  || — || December 25, 2005 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch || — || align=right | 2.7 km || 
|-id=759 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 405759 ||  || — || December 25, 2005 ||torch.Size([32, 2049])
Lord Hives.

Personal life
He married Gertrude E Warwick (born 9 December 1890) in 1913.  His son, Pilot Officer Edward Ernest Hives, was killed in action flying with RAF Coastal Command in October 1940.
He retired in 1957 and died on 24 April 1965, aged 79, at the National Hospital for Nervous Diseases in Queen Square, London. He was succeeded in the barony by his son John.

His younger daughter, Philippa Hives, married Judge Alexander Morrison in 1978.

References

Notes

Bibliography

Lumsden, Alec. British Piston Engines and their Aircraft. Marlborough, Wiltshire: Airlife Publishing, 2003. .
 Pugh, Peter. The Magic of a Name - The Rolls-Royce Story - The First 40 Years. Cambridge, England. Icon Books Ltd, 2000. 
 Furse, Anthony. Wilfrid Freeman: the genius behind Allied survival and air supremacy 1939 to 1945. Staplehurst. Spellmount, Czech male writers
Charles University alumni
Writers from Prague
Czech historians
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society<EOD> The Battle of Dove Creek was a small engagement during the American Civil War that took place January 8, 1865, along Dove Creek in what is now southwest Tom Green County, Texas. Texan soldiers under Confederate captains Henry Fossett and S.S. Totten, misunderstanding which tribe occupied a discovered camp, attacked a tribe of peaceful Kickapoo Indians and were badly beaten by an organized defense.

Background
In mid-December 1864, Captain N.M. Gillentine and two dozen Texas militiamen discovered an abandoned Indian camp of 92 shelter sites along the Clear Fork of the Brazos River, and, suspecting the site to be evidence of hostile Comanche or Kiowa Indians, called for militia to locate and address the threat. On January 1, 1865, Texas Frontier Battalion troops under the command of Captain Henry Fossett arrived at Fort Chadbourne to await the militia concentration. After two days, Fossett led his two companies in search of the trail and located the natives along the Dove Creek, encamped in timberland.

Battle
Just as Fossett prepared his morning assault, the exhausted militia troops arrived after hard forced march, and the two captains chose to cooperate in a joint attack. Totten agreed that the militia would form a line of battle and approach the camp in a frontal assault astride the creek from the north while better equipped Confederates under Fossett would maneuver around to the southwest, capture the Indians' grazing horse herd, and attack from the flank.

Kickapoo Indians inside the camp had been peaceful since the days of the Black Hawk War, but they were not unprepared for violence. The Kickapoo benefited from the well-placed camp, located on a tall bank covered with light timber and protected by natural brier thickets common to the Cross Timbers area. The first militia attacks suffered from brier hazards while under intense Indian rifle fire. According to a witness, three Texan officers (including Gillentine) and sixteen enlisted men were killed in the first few minutes.

Fossett's flank attack initially succeeded in capturing the herd, but assault by a Confederate detachment under Lieutenant J.A. Brooks broke down after native gunfire killed a dozen  horses. Gradually, the isolated Confederate columns found themselves in crossfire with the Indians closing in. After a brief rout, militia reformed along the Spring Creek to the north, and Kickapoo pursuers inflicted additional casualties on the Confederates escaping to the camp.

References

Dove Creek
Kickapoo tribe
Dove Creek
Dove Creek
Dove Creek
1865 in the American Civil War
Tom Green County, Texas
January 1865 events<EOD> Dominic William Lanza (born May 20, 1976) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona. He was formerly an Assistant United States Attorney for the District of Arizona.

Education and early career 

Lanza earned his Bachelor of Arts, summa cum laude, from Dartmouth College and his Juris Doctor, cum laude, from Harvard Law School, where he served as editor and transition chair of the Harvard Law Re Bulgaria. The Tatars plundered the country, forcing Konstantin to return and abandon his claim to the two towns. Nogai set up his capital in Isaccea near the Danube Delta, thus he could easily attack Bulgaria.

Konstantin had been seriously injured after a riding accident and could not move without assistance, because he was paralyzed from the waist down. His ambitious wife took control of the government. After Michael VIII's envoys accepted Pope Gregory X's proposal to a church union at the Second Council of Lyon in summer 1274, she became one of the leading opponents of the union. She even tried to persuade Baibars, the Mamluk sultan of Egypt, to attack the Byzantine Empire. Maria was also determined totorch.Size([32, 2049])
7 (Ecuador, Colombia) Basal part of both wings black brown, only distally with slight dark blue sheen. Female: the blue median band of both wings broader, darker but more glossy blue than in deidamia from Surmame and Obidos. Under surface with somewhat less extended red submarginal patches, but with more copious white reticulation.
M. d. guaraura Le Cerf, 1925 (Venezuela) 
M. d. diomedes Weber, 1944 (Peru)
M. d. diffusa Le Moult & Réal, 1962 (Brazil: Maranhão)
M. d. steinbachi Le Moult & Réal, 1962 (Bolivia)

Etymology
Deidamia was the daughter of Lycomedes, king of Scyros, figures in Greek mythology.

In pop culture
The butterflies that often surround Soubi in the anime Loveless are probably males of this species.

References
Le Moult (E.) & Réal (P.), 1962–1963. Les Morpho d'Amérique du Sud et Centrale, Editions du cabinet entomologique E. Le Moult, Paris.
Paul Smart, 1976 The Illustrated Encyclopedia of the Butterfly World in Color. London, Salamander: Encyclopedie des papillons. Lausanne, Elsevier Sequoia (French language edition)   page 236 fig. 1 (Guyana) fig. 2 underside (Guyana)

External links
"Morpho Fabricius, 1807" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Fiebig Photographs

Morpho
Fauna of Brazil
Nymphalidae of South America<EOD> Nekso offers vehicle for hire services in Central and South America. Its mobile app allows users to book a taxi and track it in real time.

History 
Nekso is subsidiary of Blanclink, a holding company that started in Toronto. Currently, Nekso has offices in Venezuela, Panama, Ecuador, Dominican Republic, and Toronto. The application can be downloaded for on devices running Android and iOS, and the user should register a profile with their information, pictures and the payment cards with which they could schedule or cancel the service.

Currently  the company is operating in countries in South America and Central America such as Ecuador, Venezuela, Dominican Republic, as well as Colombia, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Panama, South America, Peru, Argentina, Chile and Mexico. Nekso is also planning for expanding its943) was a Norwegian born, American librarian.

Jens Hanson was born at Sørheim in the Nordre Aurdal district  in Oppland, Norway. He was the sixth of eight children born to Gunnerius and Eleanore Adamine (Röberg) Hansen. When he was nine years old, his family sent him to the United States to attend the preparatory school of Luther College in Decorah, Iowa. Hanson graduated from Luther College in 1882 and went on to attend Concordia Seminary in St. Louis. He continued his education at Cornell University from 1889 to 1890.

In 1890, Hanson accepted an apprentice position at the Newberry Library in Chicago. In 1893, he became head of the cataloging department at the University of Wisconsin, Madison Library. Hanson was named chief of the cataloging division of the Library of Congress in 1897. At the Library of Congress he played a major role in developing its general catalog including the creation of what is now called the Libra assembly and allow work on the constitution to go forward. The Movimento das Forças Armadas (MFA, English: Armed Forces Movement) and leftist groups pressured and cajoled the assembly, and there was much discussion of establishing a revolutionary and socialist system of government. Moreover, not all of the assembly's members were committed to parliamentary democracy. The membership was intensely partisan, with some 60 percent of the seats occupied by the left.

After prolonged deliberation, the Constituent Assembly eventually adopted a constitution that provided for a democratic, parliamentary system with political parties, elections, a parliament, and a prime minister. The document also established an independent judiciary and enumerated and provided for the protection of several human rights. Although relatively few of these provisions are exceptional, some of the constitution's features are noteworthy: including its ideological content, its provision for the role of the military, and its dual presidential-parliamentary system.

Until the constitutional revisions of 1982 and 1989, the constitution was a highly charged ideological document with numerous references to socialism, the rights of workers, and the desirability of a socialist economy. It severely restricted private investment and business activity. Many of these articles were advanced by Portuguese Communist Party (PCP) representatives in the Constituent Assembly, but they were also advocated by members of the Socialist Party (PS), who at that time were seeking to be as revolutionary as the other left groups. The resulting document proclaimed that the object of the republic was "to ensure the transition to socialism." The constitution also urged the state to "socialize the means of protorch.Size([32, 2049])
Cambridge, Oxford and Reading. Since 2001 he has been Director of the Research Centre for Late Antique and Byzantine Studies at the University of Reading and, since 1996, Chair of the Late Antiquity Research Group. He holds honorary professorships from several European and American universities, has written numerous books and academic articles and has directed and co-directed many excavations and survey projects, both in Britain and the Middle East including in Istanbul (Turkey) – where since 2004 he has co-directed a new archaeological study of the famous Byzantine church of Hagia Sophia and its environs – and in and around Nazareth (Israel). He is a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London, the Royal Historical Society, and the Royal Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland, and a member of the Royal Institute of International Affairs - the only person ever elected to all four of these learned societies.

Works

Books

The Sisters of Nazareth convent. A Roman-period, Byzantine and Crusader site in central Nazareth, London, 2020

Roman-period and Byzantine Nazareth and its hinterland, London, ngerous in Germany. In 1836 the  ("Neckar shipping guild") was dissolved, which had since 1810 tried to gain a monopoly on the Neckar trade. With the ratification of the  in 1842 all Guilds were dissolved and thereby economic freedom created.

From 1841/42 onwards the Heilbronn-based Neckar-Dampfschifffahrt introduced a regular passenger and general cargo transport from Heilbronn to Mannheim. Despite the usage of modern steam ships, horses still pulled the heavy barges on the towpath upriver. The reason was that the steam ships were not yet strong enough herefore.

The competition of rail transport made steam ships as well as towing barges gradually uneconomic in the second half of the 19th century. Rafting on the other hand kept its importance, but adapted to the age of the railroad. Because trunks from the Black forest did more and more go by train to Heilbronn and only from there continued their trip on the water, a new rafting harbour was constructed in Heilbronn in 1875. Above Esslingen the rafting was only of little importance. The last raft passed the city on 28. Oktober 1899.

A new recovery for the Neckar navigation came with the chain boat navigation begun in 1878. Despite the construction of a railroad line along the Neckar. Between Mannheim and Heilbronn steam towboats with attached barges were now able to pull themselves upriver on a 115 km long chain which had been put into the river. Through that, the trip between Mannheim and Heilbronn was shortened to two to three days. On the horse drawn ships it had previously taken five to eight days. But often the water depth was not deep enough. The vernacular name for the chain boats was Neckaresel ("Neckar donkey"). The last chain boat navigation was still done 1933 – 1935 between Neckargerach and the barrage Kochendorf.

The world's first motorboat made during the summer of 1886 by Gottlieb Daimler and Wilhelm Maybach was named "Neckar" when their Standuhr (grandfather clock) petrol engine was tested on the river near Bad Cannstatt.

The motorized cargo navigation began on the Neckar in 1925. The first motor cargo ship on the river was ordered by the brothers Ludwig (1887–1955) and Jakob Götz (1890–1977) already in 1924 at the Anderssen Werft ("Anderssen shipyard"). It was put into service in 1925 and christened "Gebrüder Götz". The motor cargo ship was operated by the shipping company drove for the shipping company Ludwig und Jakob Götz, founded in 1920. One of the best known         shipping companies on the Neckar, which was also involved in the upgrading of the river to a heavy shipping waterway.

In 1946 the first transportation order for coal after the second world war on the Neckar was awarded and shipped by Johann Friedrich Boßler with his motor cargo ship Elisabeth.

Upgrading to a heavy shipping waterway between 1921 and 1968 

In order to provide the rising industrial area around Stuttgart a waterway connection for fully rigged ships, first plannings for channelling oft he Neckar between Mannheim and Plochingen began already in 1904. The goal was to be mostly independent from natural impacts as for example low waters or floating ice. With the württembergian side Otto Konz (1875–1965) was assigned who remained connected to the Neckar upgrading the rest of his life. A memorandum from 1910 allowed for ships up to 1000 tons, according to plans from 1919 the transportation was planned for the 1200-t-ship.

Because the Neckar was earmarked as a Reichswasserstraße (literally:"realmility of the French state for the deportation of Jews during the war, in particular, the more than torch.Size([32, 2049])
L), Gorkhaland Rajya Nirman Morcha, and SUMETI Mukti Morcha. Hindu Samhati, a right-wing organisation in West Bengal, had withdrawn their support from the BJP at first to contest the elections on their own, but eventually they supported the BJP. BJP allotted the Amta constituency seat to the president of Hindu Samhati to contest under the symbol of BJP.

BJP also allotted the Baghmundi constituency, bordering Jharkhand, to the All Jharkhand Students Union (AJSU).

Others 
Shiv Sena initially said that they would contest in around 100 seats, but later on 4 March 2021 announced that they would not contest and would support Mamata Banerjee and TMC.

Candidates

Surveys and polls

Exit poll 
On 27 March, the ECI banned the publication of surveys and exit polls until 7:30 pm on 29 April to prevent influencing voters, but the ban ended half an hour earlier.

NK Digital Magazine exit poll predicted victory for TMC in general election for the Samserganj seat and by-election for the Bhabanipur seat. Ekhon Biswa Bangla Sangbad predicted TMC's victory in all three seats where elections took place on 30 September.

Opinion poll 
A number of pre-poll surveys for the elections were published by different agencies and groups in the span of one year until 27 March. Most polls contradicted each other regarding the possible outcome.

NK Digital Magazine opinion poll predicted victory for TMC in Jangipur and Samserganj. They also conducted a pre-poll survey across poll-bound Assembly constituencies that predicted TMC's victory.

Election

COVID-19 guidelines
The ECI issued various health guidelines for conducting the elections, including the use of masks, sanitisation of the polling booths, use of thermal scanners before entering the polling booths, maintaining social distancing, and so forth. The maximum number of voters for each polling station was lowered to 1000 from 1500.

After COVID-19 cases increased in the state, the ECI issued warnings for all recognised state and national political parties to strictly follow COVID-19 guidelines, and banned all political rallies, public meetings, street plays and nukkad sabhas from 7 pm to 10 am starting from 16 April. On 22 April 2021, before the seventh and eighth phases of voting, the ECI forbade roadshows, and added that at most 500 people were allowed in public meetings. On 27 April, they issued a notification over banning victory processions on and after the day the votes were counted.

Security preparations

After several instances of violence, threats, and murders before the polls were announced, the ECI and the Home Ministry ordered twelve companies of Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) to be deployed in West Bengal on 20 February. At least 125 more CAPF troops were dispatched to reach West Bengal on 25 February to focus on sensitive zones. 60 companies of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), 30 companies of the Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB), 25 companies of the Border Security Force (BSF) and five companies each of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) and the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP). The total number of central forces municipality in the district of Weiz in the Austrian state of Styria. Since the 2015 Styria municipal structural reform, it is part of the municipality Passail.

References

Cities and towns in Weiz District
Graz Highlands<EOD> Vakhid Masudov (, Vahid İunusūly Masudov) is a Kazakh football coach.

Career
He played 181 games in Soviet Top League and scored 19 goals. He started his coaching career in 1990 when he worked at Russian FC Terek Grozny as a playing coach. His first club to manage was FC Kairat of Kazakhstan Premier League in 1996. He managed Kazakhstan national football team in 2001–2002

Managerial
On 8 January 2018, Masudov was appointed as manager of FC Atyrau.

Honours

Manager 
 FC Kairat
 Kazakhstan Premier League: 1992
 Kazakhstan Cup: 1992, 1996, 2001
 FC Yelimai
 Kazakhstan Premier League: 1995
 Kazakhstan Cup: 1995

References

External links
 Lyakhov.kz Kairat squad 2008 
 

1959 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Kazakhstani footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Taraz players
FC Kaisar players
FC Kairat players
FC Akhmat Grozny players
FC Aktobe players
FC Spartak Semey players
Kazakhstan international footballers
Kazakhstani expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Kazakhstani football managers
FC Dostyk managers
FC Aktobe managers
FC Yelimai managers
FC Kairat managers
FC Taraz managers
FC Shakhter Karagandy managers
Ktorch.Size([32, 2049])
n playoff 12 beat Italian club Cucine Lube Treia twice - 3–0 in Macerata and 3–1 at Atlas Arena, Łódź.

Playoff 6
They went to playoff 6, where their opponents were Italian Sir Safety Perugia. PGE Skra lost their first match with Italian team (2-3) and gained 1 point. In revenge match, on March 11, 2015 at Atlas Arena, Łódź PGE Skra Bełchatów beat Sir Safety Perugia 3-1, gained 3 points and went to the Final Four, which will be held in Berlin. In second match the best scorers of Polish club were Facundo Conte (17 points), Mariusz Wlazły (14) and Michał Winiarski (10), who came back to playing after injury. PGE Skra will play with another Polish team - Asseco Resovia Rzeszów and for the first time in history two Polish teams will be playing at semifinal of CEV Champions League Final Four.

Final four
On March 28, 2015 Asseco Resovia Rzeszów beat PGE Skra Bełchatów in semifinal of 2014–15 CEV Champions League Final Four held at  Max-Schmeling-Halle, Berlin. It was a historic match, where the semi-final played two Polish teams. Next day, PGE Skra lost with host team - Berlin Recycling Volleys and took 4th place in Final Four.

References

PGE Skra Bełchatów seasons<EOD> Comotherium is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic (Kimmeridgian - Tithonian) mammal from the Morrison Formation.
Present in stratigraphic zone 5.

See also

 Prehistoric mammal
 List of prehistoric mammals
 Paleobiota of the Morrison Formation

References

 Foster, J. (2007). Jurassic West: The Dinosaurs of the Morrison Formation and Their World. Indiana University Press. 389pp.

Dryolestida
Morrison mammals
Fossil taxa described in 1981
Prehistoric mammal genera<EOD> San Carlo, formerly Sant'Ilario is a small Romanesque and Gothic-style, Roman Catholic church on Viale San Carlo and intersection with Via Cesia O della Piana, below the Piazza del Mercato Vecchio, in the center of Todi, province of Perugia, region of Umbria, Italy.

History
The church is ancient, and by 1112 we have documentation of a church belonging to the Benedictine Abbey of Farfa. In 1623, the church was granted by the bishop to a Confraternity of San Carlo, where it gained its present name. The austere stone rectangular layout of a single nave, with few windows is accounted for the early Romanesque construction. In the following century, the few added decorations, including the two story sail-shape bell-casing with mullioned arches as well as the small rose window, exemplify gothic architectural details from the late 12th century. The interior is equally sparse, and best lit through the rose window by the rising sun in the morning. Inside there is a damaged fresco of the Madonna della Misericordia by Giovanni Spagna, and two canvases depicting San Carlo Borromeo and Sant'Ilario. The latter was painted (1640) by Bartolomeo Barbiani.

References

Churches in Todi
Gothic architecture in Umbria
Romanesque architecture in Umbria
12th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy<EOD> Anita Ortega is an Afro-Puerto Rican former collegiate basketball player at UCLA. She was an All-American. The team went on to defeat the University of Maryland, College Park in 1978 to take the Division I collegiate title (National Champions). In 1979, she played in the 1979 Pan American Games, representing Puerto Rico. Her father was born in Bayamón.

Ortega played in the Women's Basketball League (WBL) from 1979 to 1981.  She was an all-star for the San Francisco Pioneers. In 1982, Ortega returned to her alma mater as an assistant basketball coach.  

In 1984, Ortega pursued a career in law enforcement. She presently holds the rank of captain with the Los Angeles Police Department.  She also officiates Division I women's basketball.

In 2002, Ortega was inducted into the UCLA Hall of Fame.

In 2003, Ortega was featured in the Los Angeles Times-- "In Either Role, She's a True Officer of the Court"
 
In 2006, Ortega and her law enforcement background were used to develop a character in John Kuri's novel, Takin' it Back.

In 2006, Ortega was also featured in the book Mad Seasons:  The Story of the First Women's Professional Basketball League, 1978-1981, by Karra Porter (University of Nebraska Press, May 2006).  In the same year, Ortega was nominated as the chair for the National Association of Sports Officials (NASO) board of directors.

In 2007, Ortega prepared her blog addressing the benefits of Title IX.  It can viewed at www.licensetothrive.org/story/detail/id/11.

In 2007, Ortega participated in the national UCLA alumni commercial entitled "My Big UCLA Moment." The UCLA commercial is featured on YouTube.

In 2008, Ortorch.Size([32, 2049])
ed a two-out walk, Acuña grounded out to keep the game scoreless headed to the bottom of the ninth. Snitker turned to reliever Will Smith to try to force the game to extra innings, but Smith failed to record an out. Robles lined a single that fell in front of Acuña in right field to lead off the bottom of the ninth, then Smith overthrew a slider that hit Turner in the calf, sending him to first base. Soto, who had gone 0-for-4 to that point, took three straight balls before lining a 3–0 fastball into center field, driving in Robles for a 6–5 walk-off win. The exit velocity on Soto's RBI single was recorded as , the hardest-hit ball of his career to date.

Opening Day lineup

Season standings

National League East

National League Wild Card

Record vs. opponents

April

After winning on a Juan Soto walk-off single on Opening Day on April 6, the Nationals played a doubleheader April 7 against the Atlanta Braves, making up the postponed April 5 game. While both games were close, the Braves swept the Nationals, getting to starter Erick Fedde in the matinee before tacking on the eventual winning run on a wild pitch by reliever Wander Suero in the seventh inning and shutting out the Nationals in the evening game. The second of the two games was a pitchers' duel between Nationals co-ace Stephen Strasburg and 22-year-old starter Huascar Ynoa, with neither team scoring until the seventh, when Atlanta pinch-hitter Pablo Sandoval slammed a two-run home run to center off reliever Tanner Rainey to give the Braves their margin of victory. Replacement player Cody Wilson and left-handed reliever Sam Clay made their major league debuts in the matinee game, with Clay striking out Braves sluggers Freddie Freeman and Marcell Ozuna in his scoreless inning of work.

Wilson was returned to the Nationals' alternate training site on April 9, as infielder Jordy Mercer, catchers Alex Avila and Yan Gomes, and reliever Brad Hand were activated from the injured list. The Nationals also optioned infielder Carter Kieboom to the alternate training site in Fredericksburg, Virginia, and reassigned catcher Tres Barrera and reliever Ryne Harper to the "taxi squad" of available players for a series on the road against the defending world champion Los Angeles Dodgers. The Nationals were swept by the Dodgers over three games, despite strong starts from Joe Ross on April 9 and Max Scherzer on April 11. In both of those games, the Nationals were shut out. In the April 10 game, a two-homer day for Soto was spoiled by a 41⁄3-inning stinker for returning starter Patrick Corbin, who was activated as reliever Kyle McGowin was optioned that day but gave up six earned runs in his 2021 season debut.

The Nationals activated first baseman Josh Bell, outfielder Kyle Schwarber, and infielder Josh Harrison off the injured list on April 12 ahead of a three-game series against the St. Louis Cardinals. Outfielder Yadiel Hernández and infielder Luis García were optioned, and catcher Jonathan Lucroy was designated for assignment after appearing in just five games with the Nationals. The Nationals snapped their five-game losing streak behind a resurgent start from Fedde at Busch Stadium on April 12. While Fedde didn't qualify for the win, exiting in the fifth inning, the Nationals got to St. Louis starter John Gant for three runs and tacked on two more against the Cardinals' bullpen to win 5–2, reliever Kyle Finnegan being credited with the win. The Cardinals struck back against Strasburg and veteran Nationals left-handed reliever Luis Avilán on April 13, as Strasburg and Avilán combined to give up 14 runs over the first five innings of the game. Strasburg exhibited reduced velocity and struggled to command his arsenal throughout the game, giving up three home runs. The Nationals turned over the ball to a position player, utilityman Hernán Pérez, in the eighth inning; he struck out two as he retired the side in order. The Nationals lost 14–3. The Nationals shut out the Cardinals in the rubber game, an April 14 matinee, for their first series win of the season. Riding another strong, six-inning outing by Ross, who also singled and scored a run in the contest, the Nationals won 6–0.

Returning home for a four-game series against the Arizona Diamondbacks, the Nationals sent out Corbin for his second start of the season on April 15. It went even more poorly than his first start, as he gave up 10 runs over just two innings to his former team to take the loss. Adding injury to insult, Avilán, who appeared in long relief behind Corbin in the defeat, was diagnosed with a torn ulnar collateral ligament of the elbow in his left throwing arm after the game; he went to the injured list and elected to undergo Tommy John surgery. The Nationals rebounded from the April 15 loss to win their next two games, the first time in the season that Washington had strung together back-to-back wins. On April 16, Scherzer provided seven scoreless innings, followed by scoreless innings for Hudson and Hand. Schwarber broke the scoreless tie with a solo home run that traveled  to righttorch.Size([32, 2049])
thly arts-based event running from March to October.

Putnam is home to WINY, an AM and FM radio station.

Bradley Playhouse 
Originally called the Bradley Theatre, the Bradley Playhouse was completed on January 29, 1901. In 1914 the playhouse suffered a series of fires, and upon remodeling changed the interior to better showcase movies, as they were of increased popularity at the time. In 1984, the Northeast Repertory Theatre was formed, bringing live performance back to the Bradley.

Historic pictures

Schools

Public
 Putnam Elementary School — K-5th grade
 Putnam Middle School — 6th-8th grade
 Putnam High School — 9th-12th grade
Private
 Putnam Science Academy — Private school for students in Grades 9-12 wanting to further their education in the world of science.
 Tri-State Christian Academy (grades K-8)

National competitions
 Putnam Science Academy has entered and won the Connecticut Science Olympiad for four years in a row (2004–2005, 2005–2006, 2006–2007, and 2007–2008).
 Putnam was also featured in a mid-1970s summer game show on ABC, "Almost Anything Goes", where teams from towns under 20,000 were invited to compete.

Transportation
Putnam is served by the Northeastern Connecticut Transit District.

Notable locations
 Cady-Copp House - historic home at 115 Liberty Highway and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
 Putnam Town Hall - historic building on 126 Church Street and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
 Putnam Railroad Station - historic train station at 35 and 45-47 Main Street and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

Notable people
 Bruce Boisclair (1952-) - baseball outfielder
 Henry Breault (1900-1941) - Medal of Honor recipient
 Brooke Brodack (1986-) - viral video comedian
 Lewis C. Carpenter (1836-1908) - congressman from South Carolina
 John N. Dempsey (1915-1989) - Mayor of Putnam, Governor of Connecticut
 Candy LaChance (1870-1932) - baseball first baseman
 Richard Normand Langlois (1952-) - economist and professor
 William St. Onge (1914-1970) - Congressman
 Michael Bruce Ross (1959-2005) - serial killer
 Bob Schaefer  (1944-) - baseball coach
 Rollie Sheldon (1936-) - baseball pitcher
 Gertrude Chandler Warner (1890-1979) - children's author

References

External links
 Town of Putnam
 Putnam Public Library 
 Aspinock Historical Society of Putnam

 
Towns in Windham County, Connecticut
Towns in Connecticut<EOD> Paracles marcona is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Schaus in 1933. It is found in Brazil.

References

Moths described in 1933
Paracles<EOD> Universal Law College is a private law school situated beside the Ambala Chandigarh Expressway at Mohali Lalru in the Indian state of Punjab. It offers undergraduate 3 years law courses and a 5-year integrated B.A. LL.B. It is approved by the Bar Council of India New Delhi and affiliated to Punjabi University.

History
Universal Law College was established in 2016 by Universal Group of Institutions, in Chandigarh, Mohali, Punjab.

References

Law schools in Punjab, India
Education in Mohali
Educational institutions established in 2016
2016 establishments in Punjab, India<EOD> Chris Butcher was miner at the Bevercotes Colliery who during the UK miners' strike (1984–85) actively campaigned against the strike. Due to prematurely grey hair, he acquired the nickname "Silver Birch".

He was involved in organising legal action to block the National Union of Mineworkers, who were running the strike.

References

British coal miners
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)<EOD> {{DISPLAYTITLE:L-Deoxyribose}}

-Deoxyribose is an organic compound with formula C5H10O4.  It is a synthetic monosaccharide, a stereoisomer (mirror image) of the natural compound -deoxyribose.

-Deoxyribose can be synthesized from -galactose . It has been used in chemical research, e.g. in the synthesis of mirror-image DNA.

References

Deoxy sugars
Aldopentoses<EOD> Nic Cudd (born 12 October 1988) is a rugby union flanker. He previously played for the Dragons, Llanelli RFC and the Scarlets.

Cudd joined the Scarlets Academy in 2004, when he was 16 years old. In the summer of 2010, Cudd signed a development contract with the Scarlets to be a full-time member of their squad. In September 2012 Cudd joined the Dragons He was released by the Dragons at the end of the 2019–20 season.

References

External links
 Dragons Profile

1988 births
Livingtorch.Size([32, 2049])
, and to reduce or ban the use of airbrushing tools. Likewise, fashion brands and retailers adopt vanity sizing in their assortments to intentionally raise a customer's self-esteem while shopping in stores. This involves labeling clothes with smaller sizes than the actual cut of the items, to trick and attract the consumer.

Fashion models themselves have experienced negative body image due to industry pressures: 69% were told to tone up, while 62% reported that their agencies had required them to lose weight or change their body shapes. 54% of models revealed that they would be dropped by their agencies if they failed to comply.  Models frequently have underweight body mass index (BMI): a study published in the International Journal of Eating Disorders discovered that a majority of models had a BMI of 17.41, which qualifies as anorexia.  In the past twenty years, runway models have also transformed from a typical size 6–8 to 0–2. The average weight of an American model was recorded to be twenty-three percent less than an average American woman. In 2006, the fashion industry came under fire due to the untimely deaths of two models, Luisel Ramos and Ana Carolina Reston, both of whom had suffered from eating disorders and been severely underweight. Other models endure intensive exercise regimes, diets, fasts, and detoxes; in order to maintain or lose weight. In addition, 17% have admitted to stimulant abuse, while another 8% frequently engaged in self-induced vomiting to induce weight loss.

Attempts to improve 

Various jurisdictions have taken steps to protect models and promulgate healthier body image.  The UK and US have pursued social education campaigns. Spain, Italy, Brazil, and Israel prohibit models from working with a BMI below 18.5. France similarly forbids the employment of extremely skinny models, and requires medical certificates to verify their health.

France is also working on ensuring retailers specify when an image is airbrushed in magazines, websites, and advertisements, although it is unclear whether consumers are already aware of digital retouching techniques.

Some brands voluntarily promote better body images. Fashion conglomerates Kering and LVMH recently "announced that they will no longer hire models smaller than a U.S. size 2". in hopes of improving the working conditions of models and inspiring others to follow suit. Critics have objected that to ban size-zero models from working constitutes discrimination or thin-shaming. Moreover, the announcement of a small minimum dress size, which does not fit the average body type of most countries, continues to "send the message that super slim body types is the 'ideal'".

Plus-size models are slowly emerging in mainstream media, which may improve body image. Prominent plus-size models include Ashley Graham, the face of popular plus-size retailer Lane Bryant, and Iskra Lawrence, a classified role model for lingerie and swimwear retailer Aerie. Christian Siriano cast five plus-size models for his New York Fashion Week shows. Siriano also made global headlines after he designed a gown for plus-sized actress Leslie Jones when other designers would not.

Models have notably used Instagram as a tool to "encourage self-acceptance, fight back against body-shamers, and post plenty of selfies celebrating their figure".  In the U.S., a group of plus-size models launched the #DearNYFW campaign, which targeted the fashion industry's harmful approach towards their bodies. This movement was broadcast across different social media platforms, with other models using the hashtag to share their experiences, in hopes of persuading the American fashion industry to start "prioritizing health and celebrate diversity on the runway".

Fashion photographer Tarik Carroll released a photo series titled the EveryMAN Project to showcase large-framedli Military Industries in the late 1970s
 B300 model, original designation of the 350i Beechcraft Super King Air marketed as King Air 350
 Bundesstraße 300, a federal highway in Germany
 Midland Highway (Victoria), a highway in Victoria, Australia, that bears the designation B300 for part of its route
 Temple of Mut at Jebel Barkal in Sudan, also named temple B300<EOD> Lada St. Edmund (also known as Lada Edmund, Jr.) (born April 1, 1947) is an American personal trainer, dancer, singer, actress and stunt performer. St. Edmund became a popular nationally known go-go dancer on the 1965–1966 NBC-TV rock music series Hullabaloo. She later became the highest paid stuntwoman in Hollywood history.

Personal life
When St. Edmund was a child, she lived with her grandmother on a farm in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The ftorch.Size([32, 2049])
letic.

At the end of the 2008–09 season, during which he made his only first team appearances to date for the club, he was voted their Young Player of the Year.

He signed a new contract with Chelsea in August 2009 that would expire in June 2013.

Queens Park Rangers (loan)
Mancienne gained his first taste of league football in a loan spell at Queens Park Rangers in late 2006, when he joined them for the remainder of the 2006–07 campaign. He played most of his 28 games for the Championship side at right back, but also played a few times in his preferred centre-back position. His impressive displays made him popular with the QPR fans, who voted him runner-up in the Supporters' Young Player of the Year.

After signing a new contract extension at his parent club, he agreed to remain on loan at QPR for the 2007–08 season.

Wolverhampton Wanderers (loan)
With no playing opportunities arriving at Stamford Bridge, Mancienne again went out on loan in October 2008 when he joined promotion-chasing Championship side Wolverhampton Wanderers on loan initially until 29 December 2008. His performances during this period caused Wolves to extend his loan by a further month, however, the paperwork on the extension was never completed, and he was recalled by his parent club.

He rejoined Wolves on a season's loan for the 2009–10 season, by which time they had achieved promotion to the Premier League. He was employed at centre back and in a defensive midfield role during the campaign, helping the club to survive their first season back at the top level.

He once again returned to Molineux for the following season, his third different spell with the Midlands club during which he made his 50th appearance for them. He suffered a patella tendon injury in December that ruled him out for three months, before he returned to the side for the club's final six games, as they narrowly avoided the drop.

Hamburger SV
On 31 May 2011, Mancienne signed a four-year deal at German Bundesliga club Hamburger SV for a fee in the region of £1.752 million. He was reunited with former Chelsea sporting director Frank Arnesen, officially moving on 1 July 2011, when the transfer window opened. He made his debut for the club on 5 August 2011, in a 3–1 defeat at reigning champions Borussia Dortmund.

Nottingham Forest
On 16 July 2014, Mancienne joined Nottingham Forest on a three-year deal, reuniting with his England U21 manager Stuart Pearce. He made his debut against Blackpool on 9 August, starting at centre-half alongside Danny Fox. He played the entire ninety minutes of the 2–0 Forest win, earning the Man of the Match award in the process. Mancienne was then sent off in his second game for the club, following two bookable offences in Forest's League Cup tie away at Tranmere Rovers on 12 August. Following his suspension, he returned to the side and once again was nominated the fans' Man of the Match in a 1–0 away win at Sheffield Wednesday.

On 28 April 2017, Mancienne signed a two-year extension to his contract with Nottingham Forest, now managed by Mark Warburton. The contract was signed the day before Mancienne made his 100th appearance in all competitions for the club, in a 2–0 defeat to QPR, and the player reportedly accepted a reduced salary in order to stay at the club.

Having done so in a pre-season friendly match against Burnley, Mancienne captained Forest for the first League match of the 2017–18 season, a 1–0 win over Millwall.

New England Revolution
On 3 August 2018, Mancienne joined Major League Soccer side New England Revolution. His reported salary of $1.28 million in 2018, and $881,676 in 2019, made him not only the highest-paid defender in the league at the time, but also the highest-paid defensive player in the team's history.

Following their 2020 season, New England opted to decline their contract option on Mancienne.

Burton Albion
On 9 February 2021, Mancienne joined League One side Burton Albion on a contract until the end of the 2020-21 season.

International career
Mancienne is eligible to play for the Seychelles as his father, Michael Snr, originates from there and is a former Seychelles international midfielder. He rejected the chance to play for the Seychelles national team in 2006 in favour of his native England. However, in November 2008, he stated that he would play for Seychelles if he doesn't get to play for England by the time he reaches 25.

On 15 November 2008, Fabio Capello surprisingly named him in the England squad to play an international friendly match against Germany in Berlin. He did not appear in the game though.

He was an England regular at under-21 level since making his debut against Romania on 21 August 2007. He was part of the side that reached the 2009 European Championships. However, his tournament was a disappointment as he received a red card in their opening group game against Finland.

He has previously also represented England at under-16en Village Society, which was run as a co-operative by the residents. The houses were subsequently sold to existing tenants in the 1960s.torch.Size([32, 2049])
or 3.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 39 people or 4.0% who are between 80 and 89, and there are 7 people or 0.7% who are 90 and older.

 the average number of residents per living room was 0.56 which is about equal to theee also

References

External links

Tasmania's Highways on OZROADS

Highways in Tasmania
Northern Tasmania<EOD> Lee Jones (born 28 June 1988) is a Scotland international rugby union player. He played for Glasgow Warriors in the Pro14. He plays primarily at Wing but can also cover at Scrum-half.

Rugby Union career

Amateur career

Jones was educated at Selkirk High School and in 2012 graduated with BEng in Mechanical Engineering from Heriot Watt University. He first played rugby for Selkirk RFC and later for the Borders’ under-16 and under-18 teams. Jones was drafted to Currie in the Scottish Premiership for the 2017-18 season. Jones has been drafted to Glasgow Hawks in the Scottish Premiership for the 2018-19 season.

Professional career

He joined Edinburgh Rugby in 2010 after some standout performances for his hometown club Selkirk RFC. He caught the attention of then-coach Rob Moffat, who saw Lee Jones as a player that could bring pace to the Edinburgh team.

After joining Glasgow Warriors in February 2013, Jones made his debut in an 8-6 win over Connacht at Scotstoun. He then signed a two-year deal with the club in November 2014.  In March 2017, he signed an extension to his contract that would keep him with the Warriors until 2019. He signed a further 2 year deal in April 2019.

International career

Jones has played under-18, under-19 and under-20 grades and at Club XV and 7s for Scotland. He played in Scotland Club XV match against Ireland Club XV in March 2009, Scotland winning 31-18.

His pace, and strength in the contact and an unquestionable eye for the try line resulted in a call up into the Scotland senior squad for the 2012 Six Nations Championship and started on the wing against England on 4 February, scoring his first try for Scotland against France, and becoming injured after a head clash with Andrew Trimble in the Scotland vs Ireland game, causing him to miss the game against Italy. To date he has won ten caps for Scotland, most recently against New Zealand in 2017.

Jones featured for Scotland 7s in the Commonwealth Games, scoring 14 tries, before extending his deal with the Warriors on a dual contract with Scotland 7s.

Jones has played on the IRB World Series Sevens circuit as well as featuring for the Warriors.

References

External links 
 Edinburgh Rugby player bio

1988 births
Living people
Alumni of Heriot-Watt University
Edinburgh Rugby players
Glasgow Warriors players
Rugby union wings
Scotland 'A' international rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Scotland international rugby sevens players
Scottish rugby union players
Selkirk RFC players
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Currie RFC players
Male rugby sevens players
Glasgow Hawks players
Scotland Club XV international rugby union players<EOD> Robert Dudley Tuke (born December 5, 1947, Rochester, New York) was the Democratic nominee for the 2008 United States Senate election in Tennessee, having won the Democratic primary in August. He faced incumbent Republican Lamar Alexander in the general election in November, losing by approximately 33% of the final vote.

Life
Tuke served in the United States Marine and led a combined force in Vietnam during the Vietnam War. He led the Veterans for Kerry campaign for Tennessee in 2004. Tuke was elected chairman of the Democratic Party of Tennessee on June 18, 2005, serving for two years. He also served as Barack Obama's Presidential campaign chair in Tennessee.

Tuke earned his bachelor's degree from the University of Virginia in Charlottesville. He is also a graduate of Vanderbilt University, where he received his juris doctorate.  , Tuke is a partner at the Nashville law firm of Trauger and Tuke.  Tuke is married to Susan Cummins Tuke; the couple have two grown children, Andrew and Sarah.

See also 
 United States Senate election in Tennessee, 2008

References

Further reading

External links
 
 Campaign contributions at OpenSecrets.org

1947 births
Living people
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Vietnam War
Candidates in the 2008 United States elections
21st-century American politicians
State political party chairs of Tennessee
Tennessee Democrats
Tennessee Democratic Party chairs
United States Marine Corps officers
University of Virginia alumni<EOD> La Robe du temps  (The Gown of Time) is a 2008 film from Niger directed by Malam Saguirou, whose documentaries have won a number of international awards.

Synopsis 
In Zinder, the 2nd largest city in Niger, Ousseini is the young chief of the very traditional Brotherhood of Butchers. While trying to develop a channel for exporting beef from his region, he faces another challenge; he must legitimize his recently quare miletorch.Size([32, 2049])
Kellog refuses, claiming that he works alone.

Over the course of the film, the action switches back and forth between the lives of the protagonist Kellog, who narrates several aspects of his life, as well as the antagonist Hale, who in between murdering the former prison guards, makes a living as a guitarist in a jazz band, and is popular and well liked among the tenants in the low-income housing project where he lives. Hale soon realizes that Kellog is on his tail when he learns that Kellog has been asking questions about Hale's whereabouts. Hale begins stalking Kellog as well as making phone calls to his house to stop trying to find him.

At the climax, Kellog and Hale finally meet face to face when Kellog tracks Hale to the roof of Hale's apartment building where Hale (whom annoys Kellog during most of the film by addressing him as "hound dog") offers to make bringing him in a challenge by giving Kellog his riot glove to fight him with. Kellog accepts and a brutal and climatic brawl occurs on the roof of the building where both men batter each other senseless. The fight ends in a stalemate when both of them collapse against a wall, exhausted, and Kellog concedes defeat by removing the riot glove. To show that he does not hold any grudge against him, Hale helps Kellog up and begins to escort him from the building until the bounty hunter, Iverson, suddenly shows up and shoots Hale to death. Iverson tells Kellog that the bounty for Victor Hale was to kill him, not to bring him in alive. The residents of the building, after hearing the gunshots, rush up and literally beat Iverson to death for killing "one of their own", leaving behind the battered and bloodied Kellog on the floor. In a final voice-over, Kellog explains that he nevertheless received the $20,000 bounty for Victor Hale and, having used the money to pay off all of his debts, was able to regain visitation rights to his daughter.

Cast
John Saxon as Sam Kellog
Roosevelt Grier (credited as Rosey Grier) as Victor Hale
Joanna Cassidy as Sheila Michaels
Joan Blondell as Mrs. Fitzgerald
Jack Carter as Walter Stratton
Aldo Ray as Tiny
Keenan Wynn as Bill Schwartz
Howard Honig as Lt. Kruger
Michael Pataki as Harry Iverson

References

External links

1979 films
1979 action films
American action films
American independent films
American films
Troma Entertainment films
Films scored by Robert O. Ragland<EOD> Fiske is a hamlet in Pleasant Valley Rural Municipality No. 288, Saskatchewan, Canada. Listed as a designated place by Statistics Canada, the hamlet had a population of 65 in the Canada 2016 Census. The hamlet is located approximately  east of Kindersley and  west of Rosetown on Highway 7.

Demographics

Economy 

Grain farming, ranching, and trades are the main sectors in which Fiskinites are employed. Oil and gas is another source of income that has recently opened up in the area. Fiske hosts an ice arena, community hall and a few home businesses. Many residents travel to nearby Rosetown  east of Fiske, for all other services.

See also 

 List of communities in Saskatchewan
 Hamlets of Saskatchewan
 Designated place

References 

Pleasant Valley No. 288, Saskatchewan
Designated places in Saskatchewan
Organized hamlets in Saskatchewan
Division No. 12, Saskatchewan<EOD> Aditya Seal  is an Indian film actor, majorly known for his portrayal as a male lead actor in the film Tum Bin II. He made his film debut with Ek Chhotisi Love Story, where he played a teenager opposite Manisha Koirala. He has played roles such as Shekhar Malhotra in Tum Bin II, Sam in Namaste England,  Samuel in Purani Jeans, and Veer Shergill in Fittrat.

Early life
His father produced and acted in a Garhwali film, but Aditya wanted to be a professional cricketer, before an injury aborted the option, so he followed his father's footsteps. Aditya Seal attended Chatrabhuj Narsee Memorial School.

Personal life 
On 21 November 2021, Seal tied the knot with his longtime girlfriend actress Anushka Ranjan in Mumbai.

C have a long and decorated career at Finley, being the Murray Football League leading-kicker a further three times, in 1986, 1989 and 1997. He also had a stint with South Australian National Football League (SANFL) club South Adelaide.

In 2015 Jackson took on the role of Senior Coach for the Northern Jests (Ardlethan/Ariah Park/Mirrool) in the Farrer Football League.

References

1961 births
Australian rules footballers from New South Wales
Geelong Football Club players
South Adelaide Football Club players
Finley Football Club players
Living people<EOD> Hilda Morales Trujillo is a lawyer in Guatemala who has become internationally known for her work in defending women's rights and as a campaigner for Guatemala's Network for Non-Violence Against Women. In 2004 she shared the Amnesty International Ambassador of Conscience Award with Mary Robinson.

Background 
Trujillo was torch.Size([32, 2049])
s to agriculture.
 leading multi-partner programs to manage climate variability and Australia's northern rivers, improve irrigation systems, and develop Australia's national Climate Change Research Strategy for Primary Industries.
 through post-graduate scholarships, LWA has supported research training for more than 100 of the country's brightest young environmental scientists.

Hyperlinks (see below) to programs, projects and documents started to fail in 2015, reducing accessibility.  There is concern that this substantial investment in knowledge to inform Australia's long-term social, environmental and economic well-being could be lost.  However, knowledge resides in many people and agencies.  An important Director of LWA, Peter Cullen, used to say, the challenge was to "make new mistakes". Land & Water Australia has a bailey with other buildings on it. In the northeast corner of the current castle there are traces of an opening in the eastern wall. Before 1663 it led to a covered bridge which spanned the moat with two arcs. The outer bailey came in two parts. The covered bridge connected the keep to a small outer bailey with buildings on the south and west side, possibly also on the other sides. From there another bridge led to a much larger outer bailey, which of course had a moat, but might not have been walled. The large outer bailey was closed by a free standing gate building with the year 1536. play mode. The game now centers around the "home" menu, which is an adapted version of earlier titles "diva room", where the player can interact with the Vocaloids. "Home" also replaces the traditional main menu.

Live Quest Mode involves the player completing quests by playing songs. In between missions, short interactions and visual novel style dialogues may play out between the player and Vocaloids.  The mode consists of two main types of quests - Area Quests and Event Quests. Area quests simply require a song to be completed while gaining a certain score. Later quests throw in other challenges (such as the "cool" pop up randomly changing to "miss" and "sad"). Event quests have special requirements such as requiring the player to play a "special live" consisting of 3 songs in a row. The game also features new "medley" songs, which are fully playable compilations of popular returning and new tracks. The full versions of the songs comprising the medleys cannot be played in full.

In Live Quest Mode, modules (costumes), accessories and songs are assigned an element, either Regular, Cool, Cute, Beauty, or Chaos. These elements also correspond to the 5 "areas" the songs are sorted within. By matching songs with a module and accessories of the same element, the initial "voltage" is increased. Modules are also assigned skills, for example, increasing the voltage for every 20 notes hit. The voltage increases the score gained for each successful note. The "Diva Points" used in previous entries have been removed, as modules are ersary of the birth of Charney and Edward Lorenz. The two-day event featured presentations from world-renowned experts on the many scientific contributions that the two pioneers made on the fields of numerical weather prediction, physical oceanography, atmospheric dynamics, and experimental fluid dynamics, as well as the personal legacy they left behind of integrity, optimism, and collaboration. In one presentation, Joseph Pedlosking prominently in the history books, were the exception rather than the rule of ancient warfare. Thus a typical Germanic force might consist of 100 men with the sole goal of raiding a nearby Germanic or foreign village. Thus, most warfare was at their Germanic neighbors.

Larger migrations were generally preluded by raids. A significant example of this is the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain, which had been preceded for centuries by naval raids on Roman Britain.

Cavalry was rarely used by Germanic raiders.

Total war
Wars involving entire tribes were uncommon in the Germanic world until the Iron Age. One of the earliest Germanic peoples involved in such warfare were the Bastarnae, who are mentioned in classical sources as battling the Illyrians in Southeast Europe in the 3rd and 2nd centuries BC.

When engaged in total war, Germanic armies often consisted of more than 50 percent noncombatants, as displaced people would travel with large groups of soldiers, the elderly, women and children.

In Getica, the 6th century Gothic historian Jordanes mentions a series of mass-migrations of the Goths from Scandinavia towards the Black Sea, but the accuracy of his writing has been put up to question. Other major tribal migrations taking place in the Migration Period include that of the Vandals, Lombards, Burgundians and Anglo-Saxons. During such migrations the entire tribe would move along with their belongings on ox-drawn wagons, not unlike the American pioneers hundreds of centuries later. When such folk-armies were forced to fight, a wagon fort would be established, where the women and children were provided shelter. Such large-scale migrations required skilled leadertorch.Size([32, 2049])
cted attention and prompted an investigation by FBI and local police. By May 1990, the FBI had traced $11 million and seized and confiscated property and goods purchaid=743 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 610743 ||  || — || March 18, 2013 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.64" | 640 m || 
|-id=744 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610744 ||  || — || January 9, 2014 || Haleakala || Pan-STARRS ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.87" | 870 m || 
|-id=745 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610745 ||  || — || December 2, 2012 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.83" | 830 m || 
|-id=746 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 610746 ||  || — || March 2, 2006 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.57" | 570 m || 
|-id=747 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 610747 ||  || — || September 23, 2014 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right | 2.4 km || 
|-id=748 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610748 ||  || — || October 15, 2012 || Haleakala || Pan-STARRS ||  || align=right | 1.1 km || 
|-id=749 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 610749 ||  || — || September 6, 2008 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right | 2.4 km || 
|-id=750 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610750 ||  || — || March 12, 2010 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.89" | 890 m || 
|-id=751 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 610751 ||  || — || March 3, 2006 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch ||  || align=right | 2.2 km || 
|-id=752 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 610752 ||  || — || June 15, 2010 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.61" | 610 m || 
|-id=753 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610753 ||  || — || March 21, 2015 || Haleakala || Pan-STARRS ||  || align=right | 1.1 km || 
|-id=754 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 610754 ||  || — || March 4, 2006 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.53" | 530 m || 
|-id=755 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610755 ||  || — || March 2, 2006 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch ||  || align=right | 1.4 km || 
|-id=756 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610756 ||  || — || February 24, 2006 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.68" | 680 m || 
|-id=757 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 610757 ||  || — || March 23, 2006 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.59" | 590 m || 
|-id=758 bgcolor=#d6d6d6
| 610758 ||  || — || March 4, 2006 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right | 2.7 km || 
|-id=759 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 610759 ||  || — || March 24, 2006 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.57" | 570 m || 
|-id=760 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610760 ||  || — || March 24, 2006 || Mount Lemmon || Mount Lemmon Survey ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.60" | 600 m || 
|-id=761 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610761 ||  || — || March 25, 2006 || Kitt Peak || Spacewatch ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.62" | 620 m || 
|-id=762 bgcolor=#E9E9E9
| 610762 ||  || — || October 31, 2005 || Mauna Kea || Mauna Kea Obs. ||  || align=right data-sort-value="0.79" | 790 m || 
|-id=763 bgcolor=#fefefe
| 610763 ||  || — || March 25, 2006 || Kitt Peak || Sptorch.Size([32, 2049])
rama Netflix series, Squid Game, features a Korean variant of the game called ddakji. It is played during the initial challenge between Gong Yoo's salesperson character and the protagonist, Seong Gi-Hun, played by Lee Jung-Jae.

See also 

 Bachicombat
 Slammer Whammers
Tazos
 Skully (game) a disk based game.
 Tiddlywinks another disk based game, involving a pot at the center.

References

External links 
 spakatak.com International Tazos Guide
 Reference site for AAFES pogs, with image galleries
 Information and images of pogs, tazos, flippos and other milkcaps
 Information and history about the milkcap craze
 Download Pogs android game

1990s fads and trends
1990s toys
Children's games
Collectible-based games
Street games<EOD> Exoteleia anomala, the ponderoa pine needle miner, is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It is found in the United States, where it has been recorded from Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico and Arizona.

The length of the forewings is 4–5 mm. The forewings are mottled dark gray brown to black and pale gray to white with patches of upturned scales. Adults are on wing from April to October.

The larvae feed on the needles of Pinus ponderosa.

References

Moths described in 1985
Exoteleia<EOD> Rabbi Isaac Tyrnau (יצחק אייזיק מטירנא or יצחק טירנאו; also Isaak Tyrnau) was an Austrian (or Hungarian) rabbi, born in the late 14th century and active in the 15th century; he is most famous for his Sefer haMinhagim (Book of Customs).

Biography 
Little is known about his life. He was born in Vienna and later moved to Tyrnau in Austria, although some suggest Trnava (), in modern-day Slovakia. He studied under Abraham Klausner of Vienna and R' Shalom of Neustadt. It is possible that he later served as rabbi in Pressburg, although this is debated by scholars. His correspondence with the Maharil regarding a divorce (1420) is recorded.

Gabriel Polak and Israel Böhmer published (Königsberg, 1857) an anonymous story entitled "Etzba Elohim," the heroes of which are Isaac Tyrnau and his beautiful daughter. According to legend, a Hungarian prince fell in love with Tyrnau's daughter, converted to Judaism, renounced the throne and married Tyrnau's daughter.

Works 
The Sefer haMinhagim (Book of Customs) is a compendium of halachot ("Jewish laws") and minhagim ("customs") of various groups of Ashkenazi Jews, arranged according to the calendar. The work is significantly influenced by those of Tyrnau's teachers. It also contains notes from a Hungarian rabbi, which were already attached with the first printed edition of Tyrnau's work (1566). It is quoted by Mordechai Jaffe at the end of his "Lebush" on Orah Hayyim.  As Tyrnau states in the foreword of the book, his intention was to unify the customs. The Black Death around 1348 had almost completely destroyed the German Jewish communities. The number of scholars had diminished so much that in some places "there were only two or three persons who had a real knowledge of local customs".

Tyrnau's work is noted as the first to discuss in detail the idea of the Yahrzese there.  White, with his half-brother, Cyrus Lennan, and partner E.S. Noyes, established a trading post at Casa Blanca.  White & Co. had taken over the buildings of St.John's Indian agency, (after his resignation from that post in late 1859), which included a blacksmith shop, run by Noyes.

White's Mill and the Civil War
White's Mill would be established at Casa Blanca in 1861 to turn the Pima's grain into flour. At the beginning of the American Civil War, Ammi White began stockpiling flour and other food for the California Column at the mill, which became the target of a raid by the Arizona Rangers a Confederate Army detachment sent to occupy southern Arizona.  Led by Captain Sherod Hunter, the raid destroyed the mill machinery, captured Ammi White and returned the flour and other food to the Pima.  When Captain Hunter impersonated White and his men posed as locals, they also captured Union Army Captain William McCleave and his detachment who came to visit the mill.

Once the California Column arrived they found they had to wait to gather up flour and food to continue their march to Tucson and so they built Fort Barrett around the mill to protect their depot there.  After the capture of Tucson the post was abandoned except as a post for vedettes and express riders.  Ammi White was later exchanged, as the Confederate Army retreated from New Mexico Territory, returning to rebuild his mill which, with the increased production of the Pima farmers, helped to feed the Union Army and the local population of the territory during the rest of the war.  After Whitetorch.Size([32, 2049])
verpool but would make "the best decision for my future". Hamann actually signed a pre-contract in June 2006, to become a Bolton Wanderers player but had a "change of heart". He joined Bolton for less than one day before a move to Manchester City.

On 12 July, he instead signed for Manchester City, with City agreeing to pay £400,000 compensation to Bolton. On 13 February, he signed a contract until the end of the 2008–09 season and scored his first goal for the club in a UEFA Cup qualifying first round match against EB/Streymur.

However, on 28 August 2013 during Colin Murray's morning radio show with TalkSport Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside announced that the club had never officially signed the midfielder and that the necessary papers were "just put in the draw". A Premier League investigation found that this wasn't the case and that Bolton had indeed signed Hamann, and expressed confusion as to why Gartside had lied about it.

On 1 July 2009, he was released by Manchester City as his contract expired. Hamann announced on 16 July that he intended to stay in England.

On transfer deadline day in September 2009, BBC Sport quoted Hamann as stating: "Yes, Sven [-Göran Eriksson] phoned me the other day to see if I wanted to sign for Notts County, but I said I wasn't interested at the moment as I feel I can still play at a higher level. There are a couple of things in Germany and I'll make my mind up by the end of the week. I have spoken to a couple of teams in England but that hasn't come to anything yet. Obviously, I can still sign after the deadline so maybe if teams don't get the players they want today then I will hear something".

Milton Keynes Dons
On 20 May 2010, Hamann signed a one-year contract as a player-coach at Milton Keynes Dons but only made 12 appearances as a player.When he left the club on 3 February 2011 to join Leicester City as a First Team Coach. he effectively retired from a playing career.

Comeback as player with TuS Haltern
After retiring in February 2011 and managing Stockport County in July 2011, Hamann went back to playing football, and this time for amateur-side TuS Haltern. He signed a contract with the club on 7 March 2015 at the age of 41.

International career
Hamann played for Germany at under-21 level before making his full international debut in a friendly against South Africa in November 1997. He was selected by manager Berti Vogts for the 1998 FIFA World Cup, being, at almost 25, the second youngest player in an over-aged Germany squad. During the group stage, Hamann drifted in and out of the starting XI, finally breaking into the team when Germany gained momentum in the second round game against Mexico. However, after a quarter-final defeat against Croatia, Germany was out of the tournament.

During the UEFA Euro 2000 qualifying, Hamann established himself as a key player for a transitional Germany side. He played in all of Germany's games at the final tournament as they exited in the first round. Hamann was the last player to score at the old Wembley Stadium before its demolition when he scored the winning goal in Germany's qualifier for the 2002 World Cup against England in October 2000.

Alongside Michael Ballack and Bernd Schneider, Hamann was one of the key players in Germany's surprising run to the 2002 FIFA World Cup Final. He became only the second Liverpool player after Roger Hunt in 1966 to play in a World Cup Final while still at the club, but finished on the losing side as Brazil won 2–0 in Yokohama. In the 67th minute of that match, Hamann lost the ball to opposing forward Ronaldo, who passed to Rivaldo, who shot from outside the area; goalkeeper Oliver Kahn gave a rebound, allowing Ronaldo to score and give Brazil a 1–0 lead. The subsequent Euro 2004 turned out to be Hamann's la'Space' can signify a physical frame work by means of which we comprehend the conditions of the 'real world' around us, but it can also become a referential tool that helps us to place into relative and often revelatory relationships other less objectively characterizable data."

In addition to the auditory effects of spatial location and metaphoric notions of space, Reynolds has responded to various architectural spaces, creating works explicitly for performance in various buildings, including Arata Isozaki's Art Tower Mito and also his Gran Ship, Kenzō Tange's Olympic Gymnasium in Tokyo, Louis I. Kahn's Salk Institute, Frank Lloyd Wright's Guggenheim Museum, Christian de Portzamparc's Cité de la Musique, Frank Gehry's Walt Disney Concert Hall, the Royal Albert Hall, and the Great Hall of the Library of Congress, the Kennedy Center, I.M. Pei's East Wing of the National Gallery of Art. Reynolds adapts his use of spatial audio to the performance space.

Gradually it became clear that blunter tools can work to greater advantage in large spaces with comparatively larger audiences. In composing The Red Act Arias for performance in London's cavernous, 6,000-seat Royal Albert Hall, for example, I decided to use a torch.Size([32, 2049])
28, in 63 families.

References 

Populated places in Sarbisheh County<EOD> In Greek mythology, Philonome or Phylonome (Ancient Greek: Φιλονόμη) was a name shared by two individuals:

 Phylonome, daughter of Nyctimus (son of Lycaon) and Arcadia. She was a maiden who used to hunt with Artemis until Ares seduced her in the guise of a shepherd. Being pregnant and fearing her father, she cast her twin children, Lycastus and Parrhasius, into the river Erymanthus, but they found haven in the trunk of a tree. Later a wolf suckled the children and a shepherd, Gyliphus, reared them as if they were his own sons.
 Philonome, also called Polyboea or Scamandria, daughter of Tragasus and second wife of King Cycnus of Colonae. She fell in love with her stepson Tenes and, being rejected, falsely accused him before Cycnus of having made love to her. But when her husband discovered the truth, he buried her alive in the earth.

Notes

References 

Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.

Lucius Mestrius Plutarchus, Moralia with an English Translation by Frank Cole Babbitt. Cambridge, MA. Harvard University Press. London. William Heinemann Ltd. 1936. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
 Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
 Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903.  Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.

Women in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology<EOD> In human anatomy, the subtalar joint, also known as the
talocalcaneal joint, is a joint of the foot.  It occurs at the meeting point of the talus and the calcaneus.

The joint is classed structurally as a synovial joint, and functionally as a plane joint.

Structure
The talus is oriented slightly obliquely on the anterior surface of the calcaneus.

There are three points of articulation between the two bones: two anteriorly and one posteriorly. The three articulations are known as facets, and they are the posterior, middle and anterior facets.
 At the anterior and middle talocalcaneal articulation, convex areas of the talus fits on to concave surfaces of the calcaneus.  
 The posterior talocalcaneal articulation is formed by a concave surface of the talus and a convex surface of the calcaneus.

The sustentaculum tali forms the floor of middle facet, and the anterior facet articulates with the head of the talus, and sits lateral and congruent to the middle facet. In some people the middle and anterior facets are joined giving just one articulation. The posterior facet is the largest of the three, and separated from the others by the tarsal canal.

Ligaments and membranes
The main ligament of the joint is the interosseous talocalcaneal ligament, a thick, strong band of two partially joined fibers that bind the talus and calcaneus.  It runs through the sinus tarsi, a canal between the articulations of the two bones.

There are four additional ligaments that form weaker connections
b-e Olya (, also Romanized as Āb Bīd-e Delī Rīch-e ‘Olyā; also known as Āb Bīd) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96, in 19 families.

References 

Populated places in Boyer-Ahmad County<EOD> According to a 2009 report by the Pew Research Center, there are 1,000 Muslims in the Northern Mariana Islands who constitute approximately 0.7% of the population.

References

Northern Mariana Islands
Religion in the Northern Mariana Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Northern Mariana
+Northern Mariana<EOD> An assassination attempt on Ali Khamenei occurrged for the bigger Mil Mi-8 helicopter.

Although the construction of the new icebreaker was awarded to Vyborg Shipyard, the Russian shipyard subcontracted the hull assembly, outfitting and commissioning of the vessel to Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. The contract with the Finnish shipyard, which at the time was a joint venture between USC and STX Finland (a subsidiary of STX Europe, which in turn was a subsidiary of the South Korean STX Offshore & Shipbuilding), was signed on 18 December 2012. The keel-laying ceremony was held in Vyborg already on 26 December, after which the blocks weretorch.Size([32, 2049])
was the second edition of the tournament which was part of the 2018 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Bangalore, India from 12 to 17 November 2018.

Singles main draw entrants

Seeds

 1 Rankings are as of 5 November 2018.

Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
  Adil Kalyanpur
  Saketh Myneni
  Sumit Nagal
  Suraj Prabodh

The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
  Sebastian Fanselow
  Youssef Hossam
  Sasikumar Mukund
  Zsombor Piros

The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
  Zizou Bergs

Champions

Singles

  Prajnesh Gunneswaran  def.   Saketh Myneni 6–2, 6–2.

Doubles

  Max Purcell /  Luke Saville def.  Purav Raja /  Antonio Šančić 7–6(7–3), 6–3.

Bengaluru Open
2018
2018 in Indian tennis<EOD> As O. Panneerselvam who was Chief Minister from 2 March 2002 resigned, Governor appointed J. Jayalalithaa as the Chief Minister to head the New Government  and appointed 26 more ministers on the same day. It was her return to power as she had resigned the post earliar on 21 September 2001.

Cabinet ministers

References

Further reading 

 

All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam
2002 in Indian politics
J
2000s in Tamil Nadu
2002 establishments in Tamil Nadu
2006 disestablishments in India
Cabinets established in 2002
Cabinets disestablished in 2006<EOD> John George Antonio (c. 1930 – May 23, 2013) was an American advertising executive who is best known as the designer of Clemson University's Tiger paw logo. The iconic Clemson sports logo, which Antonio developed at Henderson Advertising in Greenville, South Carolina, was unveiled on July 21, 1970.

Antonio worked for the Leo Burnett ad agency in Chicago, Illinois, during the 1960s. According to a 1997 interview he gave to The Greenville News, Antonio worked on Leo Burnett agency teams that created the Morton Salt girl, the Pilsbury Doughboy, and the "Fly the friendly skies of United" ad campaign for United Airlines.

In 1970, Hootie Ingram was hired as the new head coach of the Clemson Tigers football team for the forthcoming Fall season, replacing longtime coach Frank Howard, who retired in 1969. As part of the transition from Howard to Ingram, Clemson University President R.C. Edwards hired Henderson Advertising of Greenville to rebrand the university and its athletic teams.

Antonio, an employee of Henderson, was tasked with creating a new logo and mascot. Antonio would create the iconic Tiger paw logo. He modeled the new paw logo on a plaster cast of a real Bengal tiger paw, which had been sent from the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago at Antonio's request.

Antonio created the tiger paw logo during Spring 1970. Clemson University unveiled Antonio's creation at a series of press conferences held in South Carolina, Charlotte, North Carolina, and Atlanta, Georgia.

John Antonio died on May 23, 2013, of cancer at his home in Greenville, South Carolina, at the age of 83.

References

1930s births
2013 deaths
American advertising executives
Logo designers
People from Greenville, South Carolina<EOD> Muraka Bog (also Muraka Wetland Complex, ) is a bog in Ida-Viru County, Estonia.

The area of the complex is 12,793 ha.

The complex consists of four bogs: Muraka, Ratva, Seli and Virunurme Bog.

References

Ida-Viru County
Bogs of Estonia<EOD> The inaugural first season of the Malaysian Malay-language television mystery music game show I Can See Your Voice Malaysia premiered on NTV7 on 4 August 2018.

Gameplay

Format
Under the original format, the guest artist can eliminate one or two mystery singers after each round. The game concludes with the last mystery singer standing that depends on outcome of a duet performance with a guest artist.

Rewards
If the singer is good, he/she will perform again in the post-season encore concert episode; if the singer is bad, he/she wins .

Rounds
Each episode presents the guest artist six people whose identities and singing voices are kept concealed until they are eliminated to perform on the "stage of truth" or join in the final performance.

Episodes

Guest artists

Panelists

Encore Concert (3 November 2018)
This post-season special episode features all of seven winning good singers perform one last time together with guest singers Ernie Zakri and Indonesian singer .

Notes

References 

I Can See Your Voice Malaysia
2018 Malaysian television seasons<EOD> The 2009–10 season was the 122nd season and their 3rd consecutive season in League One played by Walsall F.C., a football club based in Walsall, West Midlands, England. Along with competing in League One, the club also partictorch.Size([32, 2049])
state WCTU in 1908. In 1918, she left the presidency to accept a national WCTU role as Washington correspondent of that organization's journal, The Union Signal.

Suffrage work
At the same time as she rose in the ranks of the nation's largest women's club, Yost became interested in furthering the suffrage movement in West Virginia, and she joined the Morgantown chapter of the West Virginia Equal Suffrage Association (WVESA) in 1905. She was a member of the Daughters of the American Revolution through her maternal grandmother's ancestry.

In 1913 her husband Ellis A. Yost present 2018-11-06
Top speed: 92 km/h
Acceleration: 0 to 50 km/h in 3.9 seconds.
Motor power: 7.6kW @ 3,000 rpm
Maximum torque: 26 Nm @ 0-2,250 rpm
Maximum horsepower: 10.18 hp @ 3,000 rpm
Range: above 110 km when traveling at 40 km/h.

Gogoro S2 Adventure

Release date: 2018-11-06
Top speed: 92 km/h
Acceleration: 0 to 50 km/h in 4.1 seconds.
Motor power: 7.6kW @ 3,000 rpm
Maximum torque: 26 Nm @ 0-2,250 rpm
Maximum horsepower: 10.18 hp @ 3,000 rpm
Range: above 110 km when traveling at 40 km/h.

Gogoro 2 Rumbler

Release date: 2019-03-13
Top speed: 86 km/h
Acceleration: 0 to 50 km/h in 4.6 seconds.
Motor power: 6.4kW @ 3,000 rpm
Maximum torque: 25 Nm @ 0-2,250 rpm
Maximum horsepower: 8.58 hp @ 3,000 rpm
Range: above 96 km when traveling at 40 km/h.

Gogoro 3

Gogoro 3 is a new model series of 3 in gogoro brand.
Release date: 2019-05-08
Price: ~$2,300
Top speed: 82 km/h
Acceleration: 0 to 50 km/h in 4.9 seconds.
Motor power: 6.0kW @ 3,000 rpm
Maximum torque: 22 Nm @ 0-2,500 rpm
Maximum horsepower: 8.04 hp @ 3,000 rpm
Range: above 110 km when traveling at 40 km/h.

Gogoro 3 Plus

Release date: 2019-05-08
Top speed: 86 km/h
Acceleration: 0 to 50 km/h in 4.7 seconds.
Motor power: 6.2kW @ 3,000 rpm
Maximum torque: 23 Nm @ 0-2,500 rpm
Maximum horsepower: 8.31 hp @ 3,000 rpm
Range: above 110 km when traveling at 40 km/h

Gogoro S3

Release date: 2020-06-23
Top speed: 90 km/h
Acceleration: 0 to 50 km/h in 3.7 seconds.
Motor power: 7.6kW @ 3,000 rpm
Maximum torque: 26 Nm @ 0-2,500 rpm
Maximum horsepower: 10.18 hp @ 3,000 rpm
Range: above 110 km when traveling at 40 km/h

References

External links
 Gogoro official website
 "Meet Gogoro The Electric Scooter Coming To A Megacity Near You", forbes.com, 5 January 2015
  Greg Kumparak, "After Raising $150 Million In Stealth Mode, What The Heck Is Gogoro?", techcrunch.com, 5 January 2015
 Karissa Bell, "The scooter that could be the future of electric vehicles", mashable.com, 5 January 2015
 Taylor Lorenz, "Mysterious Startup Gogoro Quietly Raises $150 Million For An Electric Scooter You'll Never Have To Plug In", businessinsider.com, 5 January 2015
 Thomas Tamblyn, "This Is An Electric Scooter You’ll Never Need To Charge", Huffingtonpost UK, 5 January 2015
 Katie Fehrenbacher, "Introducing Gogoro, a startup with a consumer energy product for megacities and $100M in funding", gigaom.com, 30 October 2014
  Don Reisinger, "Gogoro preps for CES as it wraps up $100M funding round", cnet.com, 30 October 2014

Electric scooters<EOD> Zagrody  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnogród, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.

References

Villages in Biłgoraj County<EOD> Bristol is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States. The town was chartered on June 26, 1762, by the colonial Governor of New Hampshire, Benning Wentworth. The charter was granted to Samuel Averill and sixty-three associates in the name of Pocock - in honor of a distingtorch.Size([32, 2049])
ian Games
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games<EOD> Gary "Tex" Brockette (September 13, 1947 – January 1, 2010) was an American actor, assistant director, writer and co-producer. He was born in Denton, Texas.

Career
Gary Brockette began his career working as an actor in New York. He played the ros from a peculiar time in Space etc.

Playback singing
Apart from singing on his own albums, Shaan has provided the voice for many of Bollywood's leading actors. He made his debut as a playback singer where he sang a single line song "Kitni Hai Pyari Pyari" along with his younger sister in the film Parinda when he was only seventeen. The film was successful and established himself as one of the leading playback singers in Bollywood.

Shaan sang, composed the music and wrote the lyrics of his songs on his albums Loveology, Tanha Dil, Aksar and Tishnagi, and has also composed music for many TV serials, winning the "Best TV music director award". Shaan also gives advice on music and lyrics to the music directors for whom he sings.

He has recently recorded a playback for an upcoming Bengali feature film Network which is composed by Dabbu. of a jawed mouth; but it is unclear if the advantage of a hinged jaw is greater biting force, improved respiration, or a combination of factors. Fish do not represent a monophyletic group, but a paraphyletic one, as they exclude the tetrapods.

Fish, like many other organisms, have been greatly affected by extinction events throughout natural history. The earliest ones, the Ordovician–Silurian extinction events, led to the loss of many species. The Late Devonian extinction led to the extinction of the ostracoderms and placoderms by the end of the Devonian, as well as other fish. The spiny sharks became extinct at the Permian–Triassic extinction event; the conodonts became extinct at the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event. The Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event, and the present day Holocene extinction, have also affected fish variety and fish stocks.



Overview

Fish may have evolved from an animal similar to a coral-like sea squirt (a tunicate), whose larvae resemble early fish in important ways. The first ancestors of fish may have kept the larval form into adulthood (as some sea squirts do today), although this path cannot be proven.

Vertebrates, among them the first fishes, originated about 530 million years ago during the Cambrian explosion, which saw the rise in organism diversity.

The first ancestors of fish, or animals that were probably closely related to fish, were Pikaia, Haikouichthys and Myllokunmingia. These three genera all appeared around 530 Ma. Pikaia had a primitive notochord, a structure that could have developed into a vertebral column later. Unlike the other fauna that dominated the Cambrian, these groups had the basic vertebrate body plan: a notochord, rudimentary vertebrae, and a well-defined head and tail. All of these early vertebrates lacked jaws in the common sense and relied on filter feeding close to the seabed.

These were followye rockfish, are. They are harvested in Oregon, California, Washington, British Columbia, Alaska, and the Pacific. They are a fairly common catch along the West Coast of North America, where populations are stable. Schools of adults often aggregate over rocky bottoms or at the sea surface, habits that make them susceptible to targeted fishing.

References

Sebastes
Western North American coastal fauna
Taxa named by Charles Frédéric Girard
Fish described in 1856<EOD> Nikki Baggerman (born 17 October 1997) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Achilles Veen.

Club career
He made his Eerste Divisie debut for RKC Waalwijk on 7 April 2017 in a game against De Graafschap.

On 4 Januaryte Sheep)" - 4:36 (Japanese 3LP bonus track)
 "Blood Swamp" – 14:46

Disc Two
 "Her Lips Were Wet With Venom" – 28:14

Personnel
Sunn O))) & Boris
 Greg Anderson - guitar , bass guitar , bass , Moog Rogue 
 Stephen O'Malley - guitar , piano , Korg MS-20 , clandestine guitar , califone 
 Wata - lead guitar , guitar , space echo , vocals & space guitar , space echo guitar 
 Takeshi - guitar , bass , bottle lead guitar 
 Atsuo - drums , bowed cymbal , gong , traps , lead drums 

Additional musicians
 Bill Herzog - upright bass , vocals , snare 
 Jesse Sykes - vocals 
 Phil Wandscher - vocals 
 Adrienneed; and Weiss was replaced by Greg D'Angelo. The band eventually settled in 1983 with a lineup including Ian and Lilker, lead vocalist Neil Turbin (who joined in August 1982), Dan Spitz (lead guitar, backing vocals) and Charlie Benante (drums).

After signing with Jon Zazula's new thrash metal label Megaforce Records later in the year, Anthrax recorded its debut album Fistful of Metal. S